Vincent van Gogh
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
"Van Gogh" redirects here. For other uses, see Van Gogh (disambiguation).
Vincent van Gogh
Van Gogh self portrait as an artist.jpg
Self portrait as a painter, early 1888, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam
Born  30 March 1853
Zundert, Netherlands
Died  29 July 1890 (aged 37)
Auvers-sur-Oise, France
Nationality Dutch
Education Anton Mauve
Known for Painting, drawing
Notable work  Starry Night, Sunflowers, Bedroom in Arles, Portrait of Dr. Gachet, Sorrow
Movement  Post-Impressionism
Vincent Willem van Gogh Dutch: [ v ns nt    l m v n    x] ( listen);[note 1][1] (30 March 1853   29 July 1890) was a Dutch post-Impressionist painter whose work had far-reaching influence on 20th-century art. His output includes portraits, self portraits, landscapes, still lifes, olive trees and cypresses, wheat fields and sunflowers. Critics largely ignored his work until after his presumed suicide in 1890. His short life, expressive and spontaneous use of vivid colours, broad oil brushstrokes and emotive subject matter, mean he is recognisable both in the modern public imagination as the quintessential misunderstood genius.

Van Gogh was born to religious upper middle class parents. He was driven as an adult by a strong sense of purpose, but was also thoughtful and intellectual; he was equally aware of modernist currents in art, music and literature. He was well travelled and spent several years in his 20s working for a firm of art dealers in The Hague, London and Paris, after which he taught in England at Isleworth and Ramsgate. He drew as a child, but spent years drifting in ill health and solitude, and did not paint until his late twenties. Most of his best-known works were completed during the last two years of his life. Deeply religious as a younger man, he worked from 1879 as a missionary in a mining region in Belgium where he sketched people from the local community. His first major work was 1885's The Potato Eaters, from a time when his palette mainly consisted of sombre earth tones and showed no sign of the vivid colouration that distinguished his later paintings. In March 1886, he moved to Paris and discovered the French Impressionists. Later, he moved to the south of France and was inspired by the region's strong sunlight. His paintings grew brighter in colour, and he developed the unique and highly recognisable style that became fully realised during his stay in Arles in 1888. In just over a decade, he produced more than 2,100 artworks, including around 860 oil paintings. After years of anxiety and frequent bouts of mental illness he died aged 37 from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. The extent to which his mental health affected his painting has been widely debated.

The widespread and popular realisation of his significance in the history of modern art began after his adoption by the early 20th-century German Expressionists and Fauves. Despite a widespread tendency to romanticise his ill health, art historians see an artist deeply frustrated by the inactivity and incoherence caused by frequent mental sickness. His posthumous reputation grew steadily; a romanticised version developed in the 20 years after his death when seen as an important but overlooked artist compared to other members of his generation. His reputation advanced with the emergence of the Fauvist movement in Europe and post WWII American respect for symbols of "heroic individualism" that was attractive to early US modernists and especially to the highly successful abstract expressionists of the 1950s; New York's MOMA launched major retrospectives early in the rehabilitation of his reputation, and made large acquisitions. By this stage his standing as a great artist and the romanticism of his life were firmly established.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Life
1.1 Early years
1.2 Etten, Drenthe and The Hague
1.3 Emerging artist
1.3.1 Nuenen and Antwerp (1883 86)
1.3.2 Paris (1886 88)
1.4 Artistic breakthrough and final years
1.4.1 Move to Arles (1888 89)
1.4.2 Gauguin's visit
1.4.3 December 1888
1.4.4 Saint-R my (May 1889   May 1890)
1.4.5 Auvers-sur-Oise (May July 1890)
1.5 Late work
1.6 Death
2 Letters
3 Work
3.1 Self portraits
3.2 Portraits
3.3 Cypresses
3.4 Flowering Orchards
3.5 Flowers
3.6 Wheat fields
4 Legacy
4.1 Posthumous fame
4.2 Influence
5 Footnotes
6 References
7 External links
Life
Main article: Vincent van Gogh chronology
Early years
See also: Van Gogh's family in his art
Black and white formal head shot photo of the artist as a boy in jacket and tie. He has thick curly hair and very pale-coloured eyes with a wary, uneasy expression.
Vincent c. 1866, approx. age 13
Vincent Willem van Gogh was born on 30 March 1853 in Groot-Zundert, close to Breda, in the predominantly Catholic province of North Brabant in the southern Netherlands.[2] He was the oldest surviving child of Theodorus van Gogh, a minister of the Dutch Reformed Church, and Anna Cornelia Carbentus. Vincent was given the name of his grandfather, and of a brother stillborn exactly a year before his birth.[note 2] Vincent was a common name in the family: his grandfather, Vincent (1789 1874), received a degree in theology at the University of Leiden in 1811, and had six sons, three of whom became art dealers. His grandfather may have been named after his own father's uncle, a sculptor (1729 1802).[3]

The painter's brother Theo was born on 1 May 1857. He had another brother, Cor, and three sisters: Elisabeth, Anna, and Willemina "Wil".[4] Vincent was a serious and thoughtful child. He attended the village school at Zundert from 1860, where a single Catholic teacher taught around 200 pupils. From 1861, he and his sister Anna were taught at home by a governess, until 1 October 1864, when he was placed in Jan Provily's boarding school at Zevenbergen about 24 kilometres (15 mi) away. He was distressed to leave his family home. From September 1866, he attended the new Willem II College middle school in Tilburg. Constantijn C. Huysmans, a successful artist in Paris, taught him to draw at the school and advocated a systematic approach to the subject. Vincent's interest in art began at an early age. His early drawings are well-done and expressive,[5] but do not approach the intensity he developed in his later work.[6] In March 1868, Van Gogh abruptly returned home. In a 1883 letter to Theo he wrote, "My youth was gloomy and cold and sterile."[7]


Van Gogh's drawing of 87 Hackford Road
In July 1869, his uncle Cent helped him obtain a position with the art dealer Goupil & Cie in The Hague. After his training, in June 1873, Goupil transferred him to London, where he lodged at 87 Hackford Road, Stockwell, and worked at Messrs. Goupil & Co., 17 Southampton Street.[8] This was a happy time for Vincent; he was successful at work and at 20 he earned more than his father. Theo's wife later remarked that this was the best year of his life. He fell in love with his landlady's daughter, Eug nie Loyer, but was rejected when he confessed his feelings; she said she was secretly engaged to a former lodger. Vincent grew more isolated and fervent about religion. His father and uncle arranged for his transfer to Paris where he grew resentful at how art was treated as a commodity. On 1 April 1876, Goupil terminated his employment.[9]


"Holme Court" in Isleworth, where Van Gogh stayed in 1876
Van Gogh returned to England, taking unpaid work as a supply teacher in a small boarding school in Ramsgate. When the proprietor relocated to Isleworth, Middlesex, Van Gogh moved with him.[10] The arrangement did not work out and he left to become a Methodist minister's assistant, following his wish to proselytise.[11] At Christmas, he returned home and for six months took work at a bookshop in Dordrecht. He was unhappy in the position and spent his time either doodling or translating passages from the Bible into English, French and German.[12] According to his room-mate of the time, a young teacher named G rlitz, Van Gogh ate frugally and preferred not to eat meat.[note 3] To support his new-found religious conviction and efforts to become a pastor, his family sent him to Amsterdam to study theology in May 1877. There he stayed with his uncle Jan van Gogh, a naval Vice Admiral.[13] Vincent prepared for the entrance examination with his uncle Johannes Stricker, a respected theologian. He failed the exam and left his uncle Jan's house in July 1878. He undertook but failed a three-month course at the Vlaamsche Opleidingsschool, a Protestant missionary school in Laeken, near Brussels.[14]

photo of a two-storey brick house on the left partially obscured by trees with a front lawn and with a row of trees on the right
Van Gogh's home in Cuesmes in 1880; while there he decided to become an artist
In January 1879, he took a post as a missionary at Petit Wasmes[note 4] in the coal-mining district of Borinage in Belgium. As a show of support for his impoverished congregation, he gave up his comfortable lodgings at a bakery to a homeless person, moving to a small hut where he slept on straw.[15] The baker's wife reported hearing him sobbing at night in the hut. His squalid living conditions did not endear him to church authorities who dismissed him for "undermining the dignity of the priesthood". He then walked the 75 kilometres (47 mi) to Brussels,[16] returned briefly to Cuesmes in the Borinage, but gave in to pressure from his parents to return home to Etten. He stayed there until around March 1880,[note 5] which caused concern and frustration for his parents. There was particular conflict between Vincent and his father, who inquired about having him committed to the lunatic asylum at Geel.[17][note 6]

He returned to Cuesmes, where he lodged with a miner, Charles Decrucq, until October.[18] He was interested in the people and scenes around him and recorded his time there in his drawings, following Theo's suggestion that he take up art in earnest. He travelled to Brussels later in the year, to follow Theo's recommendation to study with the prominent Dutch artist Willem Roelofs, who persuaded him in spite of his aversion to formal schools of art to attend the Acad mie Royale des Beaux-Arts. He registered at the Acad mie on 15 November 1880; he studied anatomy and the standard rules of modelling and perspective.[19]

Etten, Drenthe and The Hague
See also: Early works of Vincent van Gogh

Kee Vos Stricker with her son Jan c. 1879/1880
Van Gogh's parents moved to the Etten countryside in April 1881. He continued to draw, often using his neighbours as subjects. He went on long walks with his recently widowed cousin, Kee Vos-Stricker, daughter of his mother's older sister and Johannes Stricker.[20] Kee was seven years older and had an eight-year-old son. He proposed marriage but was refused with the words "No, nay, never" ("nooit, neen, nimmer").[21] Late that November, Van Gogh wrote a strongly worded letter to Johannes,[22] and left for Amsterdam but through letters maintained close contact.[23] Kee would not meet him, her parents wrote that his "persistence is disgusting." In desperation, he held his left hand in the flame of a lamp, with the words: "Let me see her for as long as I can keep my hand in the flame."[24] He did not recall the event well, but later assumed that his uncle blew out the flame. Kee's father made it clear to him that Kee's refusal should be heeded and that the two would not be married[note 7] because of Van Gogh's inability to support himself.[25] Van Gogh's perception of his uncle and former tutor's hypocrisy affected him deeply and put an end to his religious faith forever.[26] That Christmas he refused to attend church, quarrelling violently with his father as a result, and left home the same day for The Hague.[27]

He settled in The Hague in January 1882, where he visited his cousin, Anton Mauve. Mauve introduced him to painting in oil and watercolour and lent money to set up a studio,[28] but they fell out, possibly over the viability of drawing from plaster casts.[29] Van Gogh's uncle Cornelis, an art dealer, commissioned 12 ink drawings of views of the city which Van Gogh completed soon after arriving there, along with seven other drawings that May.[30] In June he suffered a bout of gonorrhoea and spent three weeks in hospital.[31] Soon after, he first began to paint in oil.[32]

A view from a window of pale red rooftops. A bird flying in the blue sky and in the near distance fields and to the right, the town and other buildings can be seen. In the distant horizon are chimneys.
Rooftops, View from the Atelier The Hague, 1882, watercolour, private collection
Mauve seems to have suddenly gone cold towards Van Gogh and stopped replying to his letters.[33] Van Gogh supposed that Mauve had learned of his new domestic arrangement with an alcoholic prostitute, Clasina Maria "Sien" Hoornik (1850 1904), and her young daughter.[34] He had met Sien towards the end of January 1883, when she had a five-year-old daughter and was pregnant. She had previously borne two children who died, but Van Gogh was unaware of this;[35] on 2 July, she gave birth to a baby boy, Willem.[36] When Van Gogh's father discovered the details of their relationship, he put pressure on his son to abandon Sien and her children; Vincent at first defied him.[37] Vincent considered moving the family out of the city, but in late 1883 left Sien and the two children.[38] Perhaps lack of money pushed Sien back into prostitution; the home became less happy and Van Gogh may have felt family life was irreconcilable with his artistic development. When he left, Sien gave her daughter to her mother and baby Willem to her brother. She then moved to Delft, and later to Antwerp.[39]

Willem remembered being taken to visit his mother in Rotterdam at around the age of 12, where his uncle tried to persuade Sien to marry in order to legitimise the child. Willem recalled his mother saying, "But I know who the father is. He was an artist I lived with nearly 20 years ago in The Hague. His name was Van Gogh." She then turned to Willem and said "You are called after him."[40] He believed Van Gogh was his father, but the timing of his birth makes this unlikely.[41] In 1904, Sien drowned herself in the River Scheldt.[42] Van Gogh moved to the Dutch province of Drenthe, in the northern Netherlands. That December, driven by loneliness, he went to stay with his parents, who had been posted to Nuenen, North Brabant.[42]

Emerging artist
Nuenen and Antwerp (1883 86)
See also: Still life paintings by Vincent van Gogh (Netherlands)
A group of five sit around a small wooden table with a large platter of food, while one person pours drinks from a kettle in a dark room with an overhead lantern.
The Potato Eaters, 1885, Van Gogh Museum
In Nuenen, Van Gogh focused on painting and drawing, giving money to boys to gather birds' nests for subject matter.[note 8] He completed several sketches and paintings of weavers and their cottages.[note 9] In late 1884, Margot Begemann, a neighbour's daughter and ten years his senior, often joined him on his painting forays. She fell in love, and he reciprocated   though less enthusiastically. They decided to marry, but the idea was opposed by both families. As a result, Margot took an overdose of strychnine. She was saved when Van Gogh rushed her to a nearby hospital.[36] On 26 March 1885, his father died of a heart attack.[43]

A human skull, bare bones of a neck and shoulders. The skull has a lit cigarette between its teeth.
Skull of a Skeleton with Burning Cigarette, 1885 86, oil on canvas, Van Gogh Museum
For the first time there was interest from collectors in Paris. In May Van Gogh completed what is generally considered his first major work, The Potato Eaters, the culmination of several years of work, painting peasant character studies.[44] In August his work was first exhibited in the windows of the paint dealer Leurs in The Hague. After one of his young peasant sitters became pregnant that September, Van Gogh was accused of forcing himself upon her[note 10] and the village priest forbade parishioners to model for him.[45]

Van Gogh painted several groups of still-life paintings in 1885; Still Life with Straw Hat and Still-life with Earthen Pot and Clogs are characterised by smooth, meticulous brushwork and fine shading of colours.[46] During his two-year stay in Nuenen, he completed numerous drawings and watercolours and nearly 200 oil paintings. His palette consisted mainly of sombre earth tones, particularly dark brown, and showed no sign of the vivid colouration that distinguishes his later work. When he complained that Theo was not making enough effort to sell his paintings in Paris, his brother responded that the paintings were too dark and not in line with the current style of bright Impressionist paintings.[47] Van Gogh moved to Antwerp in November 1885, where he rented a small room above a paint dealer's shop in the Rue des Images (Lange Beeldekensstraat).[48] He lived in poverty and ate poorly, preferring to spend the money Theo sent on painting materials and models. Bread, coffee and tobacco were his staple intake. In February 1886, he wrote to Theo saying that he could only remember eating six hot meals since May 1885. His teeth became loose and painful.[49] In Antwerp he applied himself to the study of colour theory and spent time in museums particularly studying the work of Peter Paul Rubens and broadened his palette to carmine, cobalt blue and emerald green. Van Gogh bought Japanese ukiyo-e woodcuts in the docklands, and incorporated their style into the background of some of his paintings.[50]

Van Gogh began again to drink heavily, especially absinthe.[51] He was treated by Dr. Amadeus Cavenaile, whose practice was near the docklands,[note 11] possibly for syphilis;[note 12] the treatment of alum irrigation and sitz baths was jotted down by Van Gogh in one of his notebooks.[52] Despite his rejection of academic teaching, he took the higher-level admission exams at the Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp, and in January 1886 matriculated in painting and drawing. For most of February, he was ill and run down by overwork, a poor diet, and excessive smoking.[53]

Paris (1886 88)
See also: Japonaiserie (Van Gogh) and Still life paintings by Vincent van Gogh (Paris)
blue-hued pastel drawing of a man facing right, seated at a table with his hands and a glass on it while wearing a coat and with windows in the background
Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, Portrait of Vincent van Gogh, 1887, pastel drawing, Van Gogh Museum
Van Gogh travelled to Paris in March 1886, where he shared Theo's Rue Laval apartment in Montmartre, to study at Fernand Cormon's studio. In June, they took a larger flat at 54 Rue Lepic. Because they had no need to write letters to communicate with each other, little is known about this stay in Paris.[54] In Paris, he painted portraits of friends and acquaintances, still-life paintings, views of Le Moulin de la Galette, scenes in Montmartre, Asni res, and along the Seine. During his stay, he collected more Japanese ukiyo-e woodblock prints; he also became interested in Japonaiserie when, in 1885 in Antwerp, he used them to decorate the walls of his studio. He collected hundreds of prints, examples of which are visible in the backgrounds of several of his paintings; several can be seen hanging on the wall of his 1887 Portrait of P re Tanguy. In The Courtesan or Oiran (after Kesai Eisen) (1887), Van Gogh traced the figure from a reproduction on the cover of the magazine Paris Illustre, which he then graphically enlarged in the painting.[55] His 1888 Plum Tree in Blossom (After Hiroshige) is a vivid example of the admiration he had for the prints he collected. His version is slightly bolder than Hiroshige's original.[56]

After seeing the portrait of Adolphe Joseph Thomas Monticelli at the Galerie Delareybarette, Van Gogh adopted a brighter palette and a bolder attack, particularly in paintings such as his Seascape at Saintes-Maries (1888).[57][58] Two years later, Vincent and Theo paid for the publication of a book on Monticelli paintings, and Vincent bought some of his works to add to his collection.[59]

Multi-coloured portrait of a far eastern courtesan with elaborate hair ornamentation, colourful robe like garment, and a border depicting marshland waters and reeds.
Courtesan (after Eisen), 1887, Van Gogh Museum
Portrait of a man of a bearded man facing forwards, holding his own hands in his lap; wearing a hat, blue coat, beige collared shirt and brown pants; sitting in front of a background with various tiles of far eastern and nature themed art.
Portrait of P re Tanguy (1887), Mus e Rodin
For months, Van Gogh worked at Cormon's studio, where he frequented the circle of the Australian artist John Peter Russell,[60] and met fellow students like  mile Bernard, Louis Anquetin, and Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec   who painted a portrait of Van Gogh with pastel. The group congregated at Julien "P re" Tanguy's paint store (which was, at that time, the only place where Paul C zanne's paintings were displayed). He had easy access to Impressionist works in Paris at the time. In 1886, two large exhibitions were staged, in which Neo-Impressionism was first exhibited, bringing attention to Georges Seurat and Paul Signac. Though Theo kept a stock of Impressionist paintings in his gallery on Boulevard Montmartre, Van Gogh seemingly had problems acknowledging the new developments in art.[61]

Conflicts arose between the brothers. At the end of 1886, Theo found that living with Vincent was "almost unbearable". By early 1887, they were again at peace, and Vincent had moved to Asni res, a northwestern suburb of Paris, where he became acquainted with Signac. With  mile Bernard, he adopted elements of Pointillism, a technique in which a multitude of small coloured dots are applied to the canvas such that when seen from a distance they create an optical blend of hues. The style stresses the value of complementary colours including blue and orange to form vibrant contrasts that are enhanced when juxtaposed.[62]

While in Asni res, Van Gogh painted parks and restaurants and the Seine, including Bridges across the Seine at Asnieres. In November 1887, Theo and Vincent befriended Paul Gauguin who had just arrived in Paris.[63] Towards the end of the year, Vincent arranged an exhibition alongside Bernard, Anquetin, and probably Toulouse-Lautrec, at the Grand-Bouillon Restaurant du Chalet, 43 Avenue de Clichy, Montmartre. In a contemporary account, Bernard wrote that the exhibition was ahead of anything else in Paris at the time.[64] There Bernard and Anquetin sold their first paintings, and Van Gogh exchanged work with Gauguin, who soon departed to Pont-Aven. Discussions on art, artists, and their social situations started during this exhibition, and continued and expanded to include visitors to the show, like Pissarro and his son Lucien, Signac, and Seurat. In February 1888, feeling worn out from life in Paris, he left, having painted over 200 paintings during his two years there. Only hours before his departure, accompanied by Theo, he paid his first and only visit to Seurat in his studio.[65]

Artistic breakthrough and final years
Move to Arles (1888 89)
See also: Langlois Bridge at Arles (Van Gogh series)

The Yellow House, 1888, Van Gogh Museum
A narrow bedroom with wooden floor, green walls, a large bed to the right, a two straw chairs to the left, and a small table, a mirror and a shuttered window on the back wall. Hanging over the bed are several small pictures.
Bedroom in Arles, 1888, Van Gogh Museum
Ill from drink and suffering from smoker's cough Van Gogh moved to take refuge in Arles.[66] He arrived on 21 February 1888, and took a room at the H tel-Restaurant Carrel.[66] He seems to have moved there with thoughts of founding a utopian art colony. The Danish artist Christian Mourier-Petersen became his companion for two months, and at first Arles appeared exotic and filthy. In a letter, he described it as a foreign country: "The Zouaves, the brothels, the adorable little Arl sienne going to their First Communion, the priest in his surplice, who looks like a dangerous rhinoceros, the people drinking absinthe, all seem to me creatures from another world."[67]

Van Gogh was enchanted by the local landscape and light and his works from this period are richly draped in yellow, ultramarine, and mauve. He made several excursions into nature during his time there. His paintings include harvests, wheat fields, and general rural landmarks from the area, including The Old Mill (1888), a picturesque structure bordering the wheat fields.[68] This was one of seven canvases sent to Pont-Aven on 4 October 1888 in an exchange for works with Paul Gauguin,  mile Bernard, Charles Laval and others.[68]

Van Gogh's portrayals of the Arles landscape are informed by his Dutch upbringing; the patchwork of fields and avenues appear flat and lacking perspective, but excel in their colourisation.[69] His newfound appreciation is seen in the range and scope of his work. That March he painted landscapes using a gridded "perspective frame"; three of these paintings were shown at the annual exhibition of the Soci t  des Artistes Ind pendants. In April, he was visited by the American artist Dodge MacKnight, who was living nearby at Fontvieille.[70] On 1 May, he signed a lease for 15 francs per month in the eastern wing of the Yellow House at No. 2 Place Lamartine. The rooms were unfurnished and uninhabited for some time.[71]

patrons are present at a sparsely attended venue with half full seating tables along the right and left walls, while the back wall has a taller piece of furniture with bottles atop it next to a doorway and in the centre of the room is a large piece of furniture that may be a billiards table. Bright lanterns hang from the ceiling and one person is standing.
The Night Caf , 1888, Yale University Art Gallery, New Haven
A wooden rocking chair with a couple of opened books set on the green and yellow seat cushion with a lit candle in a holder also on the seat of the chair. On the wall is a burning candle in a holder casting a glowing light.
Paul Gauguin's Armchair, 1888, Van Gogh Museum
He moved from the H tel Carrel to the Caf  de la Gare on 7 May,[72] having befriended the proprietors, Joseph and Marie Ginoux. The Yellow House had to be furnished before he could fully move in, but Van Gogh was able to use it as a studio.[73] He wanted a gallery to display his work, a series of paintings including Van Gogh's Chair (1888), Bedroom in Arles (1888), The Night Caf  (1888), Cafe Terrace at Night (September 1888), Starry Night Over the Rhone (1888), and Still Life: Vase with Twelve Sunflowers (1888), all intended to form the d coration for the Yellow House.[74] Van Gogh wrote that with The Night Caf  he tried "to express the idea that the caf  is a place where one can ruin oneself, go mad, or commit a crime."[75] Moreover, he also wanted to express the terrible passions of humanity by means of red and green.[76] When he visited Saintes-Maries-de-la-Mer that June, he gave lessons to a Zouave second lieutenant Paul-Eug ne Milliet[77]  and painted boats on the sea and the village.[78] MacKnight introduced Van Gogh to Eug ne Boch, a Belgian painter who stayed at times in Fontvieille, and the two exchanged visits in July.[79]

Gauguin's visit
See also: Hospital in Arles (Van Gogh series)
A vase on a table with about a dozen flowers of varying shades of yellow, tan and beige; a few at the top have darker centres and one on the left is green
Still Life: Vase with Twelve Sunflowers, August 1888, Neue Pinakothek, Munich
An outdoor caf  with tables and chairs to the left of a street beneath an awning, under a night-time sky with yellow stars in a dark sky; people are present in the background of both the caf  and street but not the foreground; dark buildings line the right side of the street.
The Caf  Terrace on the Place du Forum, Arles, at Night, September 1888, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, The Netherlands
A chair with a pipe and a heaping of tobacco in it on a tiled floor with a box in the background that reads "Vincent" and two walls meeting in a corner behind the chair
Van Gogh's Chair, 1888, National Gallery, London
When Gauguin agreed to visit Arles, Van Gogh hoped for friendship, and the realisation of his utopian idea of an artists' collective. That August he painted sunflowers. When Boch visited again, Van Gogh painted a portrait of him, as well as the study The Poet Against a Starry Sky. Boch's sister Anna (1848 1936), also an artist, purchased The Red Vineyard in 1890.[80]

In preparation for Gauguin's visit, Van Gogh bought two beds on advice from his friend, the station's postal supervisor Joseph Roulin, whose portrait he painted. On 17 September he spent the first night in the still sparsely furnished Yellow House.[81] When Gauguin consented to work and live in Arles with him, Van Gogh started to work on The D coration for the Yellow House, probably the most ambitious effort he ever undertook.[82] Van Gogh completed two chair paintings: Van Gogh's Chair and Gauguin's Chair.[83]

A seated red bearded man wearing a brown coat; facing to the left; with a paint brush in his right hand, is painting a picture of large sunflowers.
Paul Gauguin, The Painter of Sunflowers: Portrait of Vincent van Gogh, 1888, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam
Gauguin, after much pleading from Van Gogh, arrived in Arles on 23 October. That November, the two finally painted together. Gauguin depicted Van Gogh in his The Painter of Sunflowers: Portrait of Vincent van Gogh, while, uncharacteristically, Van Gogh painted pictures from memory (deferring to Gauguin's ideas) and his The Red Vineyard. Among these "imaginative" paintings is Memory of the Garden at Etten.[84][note 13] Their first joint outdoor venture was at the Alyscamps, when they produced Les Alyscamps.[85]

They visited Montpellier that December, where they saw works by Courbet and Delacroix in the Mus e Fabre.[86] Their relationship began to deteriorate; Van Gogh admired Gauguin and desperately wanted to be treated as his equal, but Gauguin was arrogant and domineering, traits that frustrated Van Gogh. They often quarrelled; Van Gogh increasingly feared that Gauguin was going to desert him and the situation, which Van Gogh described as one of "excessive tension," rapidly headed towards crisis point.[87]

December 1888

Local newspaper report dated 30 December 1888 recording Vincent's self-mutilation.[88] "Last Sunday night at half past eleven a painter named Vincent Vangogh, appeared at the maison de tol rance No 1, asked for a girl called Rachel, and handed her ... his ear with these words: 'Keep this object like a treasure.' Then he disappeared. The police, informed of these events, which could only be the work of an unfortunate madman, looked the next morning for this individual, whom they found in bed with scarcely a sign of life.
The poor man was taken to hospital without delay."[89]
The exact sequence of events that led to Van Gogh's removal of his ear is not known. Gauguin claimed, fifteen years later, that the night followed several instances of physically threatening behaviour.[90] Their relationship was complex, and there may have been a sum of money owed by Theo to Gauguin, while Gauguin was suspicious that the brothers might be exploiting him financially.[91] Van Gogh seems to have attacked Gauguin on the night of 23 December, possibly with a razor, but this is uncorroborated.[92] It seems likely that Van Gogh had realised that Gauguin was planning to leave[91] and that there had been some kind of contretemps between the two.[93] That evening, Van Gogh severed his left ear (either wholly or in part; accounts differ) with a razor, inducing a severe haemorrhage.[note 14] He bandaged his wound, wrapped the ear in paper, and delivered the package to a Rachel, a prostitute at a brothel[94] frequented by both him and Gauguin. Van Gogh was taken by Roulin to either his home or a hotel,[95] where he collapsed. He would have likely bled to death had he not been found unconscious the next morning by the police[note 15] and taken to the hospital.[96]


Self-portrait with Bandaged Ear, 1889, private collection

Self-portrait with bandaged ear, 1889, Courtauld Institute of Art
Gauguin's account implies that Van Gogh left his ear with the doorman as a memento for Gauguin. Van Gogh had no recollection of the events, and it is plain that he had suffered an acute psychotic episode.[97] Family letters of the time make it clear that the event had not been unexpected.[98] He had suffered a nervous collapse three years before in Antwerp, and as early as 1880 his father had proposed committing him to an asylum at Geel.[99] The hospital diagnosis was "generalised delirium", and within a few days the local police ordered that he be placed in hospital care,[100] against his will.[98]

During the first days of his treatment, Van Gogh repeatedly and unsuccessfully asked for Gauguin. The French artist asked a policeman attending the case to "be kind enough, Monsieur, to awaken this man with great care, and if he asks for me tell him I have left for Paris; the sight of me might prove fatal for him."[101] Gauguin wrote of Van Gogh, "His state is worse, he wants to sleep with the patients, chase the nurses, and washes himself in the coal bucket. That is to say, he continues the biblical mortifications."[101] Theo was notified by Gauguin and visited, as did Madame Ginoux and Roulin. Gauguin left Arles, never to see Van Gogh again.[note 16]

Despite the pessimistic diagnosis, Van Gogh recovered and returned to the Yellow House by the beginning of January, but spent the following month between hospital and home, suffering from hallucinations and delusions of poisoning. That March, the police closed his house after a petition by 30 townspeople (including the Ginoux family) who described him as "le fou roux" (the redheaded madman).[98] Paul Signac spent time with him in the hospital, and Van Gogh was allowed home in his company. In April, he moved into rooms owned by his physician Dr Rey after floods damaged paintings in his own home.[102] Around this time, he wrote, "Sometimes moods of indescribable anguish, sometimes moments when the veil of time and fatality of circumstances seemed to be torn apart for an instant." Two months later, he left Arles and voluntarily entered an asylum in Saint-R my-de-Provence.[103]

Saint-R my (May 1889   May 1890)
Main article: Saint-Paul Asylum, Saint-R my (Van Gogh series)
A landscape in which the starry night sky takes up two thirds of the picture. In the left foreground a dark pointed Cypress pine tree extends from the bottom to the top of the picture. To the left, village houses and a church with a tall steeple are clustered at the foot of a mountain range. The sky is deep blue. In the upper right is a yellow crescent moon surrounded by a halo of light. There are many bright stars large and small, each surrounded by intense swirling halos. Across the center of the sky the Milky Way is represented as a double swirling vortex.
The Starry Night, June 1889, The Museum of Modern Art, New York
A man is scattering seeds in a ploughed field. The figure is represented as small, and is set in the upper right and walking out of the picture. He carries a bag of seed over one shoulder. The ploughed soil is grey, and behind it rises standing crop, and in the left distance, a farmhouse. In the center of the horizon is a giant yellow rising sun surrounded by emanating yellow rays. A path leads into the picture, and birds are swooping down.
The Sower, 1888, Kr ller-M ller Museum
Van Gogh entered the hospital at Saint Paul-de-Mausole on 8 May 1889 accompanied by his carer, Fr d ric Salles, a Protestant clergyman. The hospital was a former monastery in Saint-R my less than 30 kilometres (19 mi) from Arles, and at the time run by a former naval doctor, Dr. Th ophile Peyron. He had two small rooms: adjoining cells with barred windows. The second was to be used as a studio.[104]

A group of male prisoners (or inmates), walk around and around in a circle, in an indoor prison (or hospital) yard. The high walls and the floor are made of stone. In the right foreground the men are being watched by a small group of three, two men in civilian clothes with top hats and a policeman in uniform. One of the prisoners in the circle looks out towards the viewer, and he has the face of a beardless Vincent van Gogh.
The Round of the Prisoners, 1890, Pushkin Museum, Moscow
A picture of two peasant woman digging in a snow-covered field at sunset. Their heads are bowed and their arms are abnormally long. The setting sun casts a warm glow over the cold fields of snow.
Two Peasant Women Digging in a Snow-Covered Field at Sunset, 1890, Foundation E.G. B hrle Collection, Zurich, Switzerland
A picture of an old man sitting alone on a straw chair with his head in his hands, evoking intense sorrow.
Sorrowing Old Man ('At Eternity's Gate'), 1890, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo
During his stay, the clinic and its garden became the main subjects of his paintings. He made several studies of the hospital interiors, such as Vestibule of the Asylum and Saint-Remy (September 1889). Some of the work from this time is characterised by swirls, including The Starry Night. He was allowed short supervised walks, which led to paintings of cypresses and olive trees, such as Olive Trees with the Alpilles in the Background 1889, Cypresses 1889, Cornfield with Cypresses (1889), Country road in Provence by Night (1890). That September, he produced a further two versions of Bedroom in Arles.


Van Gogh's room in Saint Paul de Maussole
Limited access to the world outside the clinic resulted in a shortage of subject matter. He was left to work on interpretations of other artist's paintings, such as Millet's The Sower and Noon   Rest from Work (after Millet), as well as variations on his own earlier work. Van Gogh was an admirer of the Realism of Jules Breton, Gustave Courbet, and Millet,[105] and he compared his copies to a musician's interpreting Beethoven.[106] [107] Many of his most compelling works date from this period. His The Round of the Prisoners (1890) was painted after an engraving by Gustave Dor  (1832 1883). It is suggested that the face of the prisoner in the centre of the painting and looking toward the viewer is Van Gogh himself, although the Van Gogh scholar Jan Hulsker discounts this.[108] Between February and April 1890 Van Gogh suffered a severe relapse. Nevertheless, he was able to paint and draw a little during this time, and he later wrote to Theo that he had made a few small canvases "from memory ... reminisces of the North."[109] Amongst these was Two Peasant Women Digging in a Snow-Covered Field at Sunset. Hulsker believes that this small group of paintings formed the nucleus of many drawings and study sheets depicting landscapes and figures that Van Gogh worked on during this time. He comments that save for this short period Van Gogh's illness had hardly any effect on his work, but sees a reflection of Van Gogh's mental health at the time.[110] Also belonging to this period is Sorrowing Old Man ("At Eternity's Gate"), a colour study that Hulsker describes as "another unmistakable remembrance of times long past."[111]

In February 1890, he painted five versions of L'Arl sienne (Madame Ginoux), based on a charcoal sketch Gauguin had produced when Madame Ginoux sat for both artists at the beginning of November 1888.[112] The version intended for Madame Ginoux is lost. It was attempting to deliver this painting to Madame Ginoux in Arles that precipitated his February relapse.[113] His work was praised by Albert Aurier in the Mercure de France in January 1890, when he was described as "a genius".[114] That February, he was invited by Les XX, a society of avant-garde painters in Brussels, to participate in their annual exhibition. At the opening dinner, Les XX member Henry de Groux insulted Van Gogh's work. Toulouse-Lautrec demanded satisfaction, while Signac declared he would continue to fight for Van Gogh's honour if Lautrec surrendered. Later, while Van Gogh's exhibit was on display with the Artistes Ind pendants in Paris, Claude Monet said that his work was the best in the show.[115] In February 1890, following the birth of Van Gogh's nephew Vincent Willem, he wrote to his mother that, with the new addition to the family, he "started right away to make a picture for him, to hang in their bedroom, branches of white almond blossom against a blue sky."[116]

Auvers-sur-Oise (May July 1890)
See also: Double-squares and Squares

The Church at Auvers, 1890, Mus e d'Orsay, Paris

Portrait of Dr. Gachet, 1890, was sold for US 82.5 million in 1990.[117] Private collection
In May 1890, Van Gogh left the clinic in Saint-R my to move nearer Dr. Paul Gachet in Auvers-sur-Oise, and also to Theo. Gachet was an amateur painter and had treated several other artists. Camille Pissarro had recommended him. Van Gogh's first impression was that Gachet was "iller than I am, it seemed to me, or let s say just as much."[118] In June 1890, he painted several portraits of the doctor, including Portrait of Dr. Gachet, and his only etching; in each, the emphasis is on Gachet's melancholic disposition. Van Gogh stayed at the Auberge Ravoux, where he rented a small attic room.

During his last weeks at Saint-R my, Van Gogh's thoughts returned to his "memories of the North",[119] and several of the approximately 70 oils painted during as many days in Auvers-sur-Oise, are reminiscent of northern scenes.[120] Barbizon painter Charles Daubigny had moved to Auvers in 1861, and in turn drew other artists there, including Camille Corot and Honor  Daumier. In July 1890, Van Gogh completed two paintings of Daubigny's Garden; one of which is likely his final work. There are other paintings that show evidence of being unfinished, including Thatched Cottages by a Hill.[121]

Late work

Wheat Field Under Clouded Sky, July 1890, Van Gogh Museum
Van Gogh's late paintings show an artist at the height of his abilities, according to art critic Robert Hughes, "longing for concision and grace".[67] Although many of these works are sombre, they are essentially optimistic and reflective of a desire to return to lucid mental health. Yet some reflect deepening concerns. Referring to his paintings of wheat fields under troubled skies, he mentioned in a letter to Theo: "I did not have to go out of my way very much in order to try to express sadness and extreme loneliness." He also mentions that: "these canvases will tell you what I cannot say in words, that is, how healthy and invigorating I find the countryside."[122]

Writing in July 1890, Van Gogh said that he had become absorbed "in the immense plain against the hills, boundless as the sea, delicate yellow."[123] He had become captivated by the fields in May when the wheat was young and green. In July he wrote to Theo of "vast fields of wheat under turbulent skies", and had made "a point of trying to express sadness, extreme loneliness."[124]

Death
Main articles: Death of Vincent van Gogh and Auberge Ravoux
Two graves and two gravestones side by side; heading behind a bed of green leaves, bearing the remains of Vincent and Theo Van Gogh, where they lie in the cemetery of Auvers-sur-Oise. The stone to the left bears the inscription: Ici Repose Vincent van Gogh (1853 1890) and the stone to the right reads: Ici Repose Theodore van Gogh (1857 1891)
Vincent and Theo buried together in Auvers-sur-Oise. Vincent's stone bears the inscription: Ici Repose Vincent van Gogh (1853 1890), Theo's Ici Repose Theodore van Gogh (1857 1891).

Le R gional report of Van Gogh's suicide and funeral 7 August 1890
On 22 February 1890, Van Gogh suffered a further crisis. From February until the end of April he was unable to bring himself to write, though he continued to draw and paint,[113] which follows a pattern begun the previous May. For a year he "had fits of despair and hallucination during which he could not work, between long clear months in which he could and did, punctuated by extreme visionary ecstasy."[125]


Article on Van Gogh's death from L'Echo Pontoisien, 7 August 1890
On 27 July 1890, aged 37, Van Gogh shot himself in the chest with a revolver (the gun was never found).[126] There were no witnesses. The location of the shooting may have been in the wheat field he had been painting recently, or a local barn.[127] The bullet was deflected by a rib and passed through his chest without doing apparent damage to internal organs probably stopped by his spine. He was able to walk back to the Auberge Ravoux, where he was attended by two doctors. Without a surgeon present the bullet could not be removed. The doctors tended to him as best they could, then left him alone in his room, smoking his pipe. The following morning, a Monday, Theo rushed to his brother as soon as notified, and found him in surprisingly good health. But within hours Vincent began to fail, suffering from an untreated infection resulting from the wound. He died that evening, 29 hours after the gunshot. According to Theo, Vincent's last words were: "The sadness will last forever".[128]

There has been much debate as to the source of Van Gogh's illness and its effect on his work. Over 150 psychiatrists have attempted to label its root, with 30 different diagnoses.[129] These have included schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, syphilis, poisoning from swallowed paints, temporal lobe epilepsy, and acute intermittent porphyria. Any of these could have been the culprit, and could have been aggravated by malnutrition, overwork, insomnia, and consumption of alcohol, especially absinthe.

He was buried on 30 July, in the municipal cemetery of Auvers-sur-Oise. The funeral was attended by Theo van Gogh, Andries Bonger, Charles Laval, Lucien Pissarro,  mile Bernard, Julien Tanguy and Dr. Gachet among twenty family, friends and locals. The occasion was described by  mile Bernard in a letter to Albert Aurier.[130] Theo suffered from syphilis and his health declined rapidly after Vincent's death. Weak and unable to come to terms with Vincent's absence, he died six months later, on 25 January, at Den Dolder, and he was buried in Utrecht.[131] In 1914, the year she had Van Gogh's letters published, Jo Bonger had Theo's body exhumed, moved from Utrecht and re-buried with Vincent at Auvers-sur-Oise.[132][133]

Letters
See also: The Letters of Vincent van Gogh
Head shot photo of the artist as a clean-shaven young man. He has thick, ill-kempt, wavy hair, a high forehead, and deep-set eyes with a wary, watchful expression.
Vincent c. 1871 1872 aged 18. This photograph dates from when he worked at the Goupil & Cie's gallery in The Hague.[134]
Head shot photo of a young man, similar in appearance to his brother, but neat, well-groomed and calm.
Theo in 1888 at 31. Theo was a life-long supporter and friend to his brother.
The most comprehensive primary source for understanding Van Gogh is the collection of letters between him and his younger brother, the art dealer Theo van Gogh.[135] Theo provided his brother with financial and emotional support, and access to influential people on the contemporary art scene. The brothers' lifelong friendship, and most of what is known of Vincent's thoughts and theories of art, is recorded in the hundreds of letters they exchanged between 1872 and 1890.[136] There are more than 600 from Vincent to Theo, and 40 from Theo to Vincent.

Many are undated, but art historians have been mostly able to put them in chronological order. Problems remain, mainly in dating those from Arles. It is known that during that period Vincent wrote around 200 letters to friends in Dutch, French and English.[66] The period when he lived in Paris is the most difficult to analyse because the brothers lived together and had no need to correspond.[137] Along with the letters to and from Theo, there are other surviving documents including to Van Rappard,  mile Bernard, Van Gogh's sister Wil and her friend Line Kruysse.[138] The letters were annotated in 1913 by Theo's widow, Johanna van Gogh-Bonger, who later said that she was reluctant to publish because she did not want the details of the artist's life to overshadow his work.[135]

Work
Main article: List of works by Vincent van Gogh
Van Gogh drew and painted with watercolours while at school only a few survive and authorship is challenged on some of those that do.[139] When he committed to art as an adult, he began at an elementary level, copying the Cours de dessin, a drawing course edited by Charles Bargue. Within two years he sought commissions. In early 1882, his uncle, Cornelis Marinus, owner of a well-known gallery of contemporary art in Amsterdam, asked him for drawings of The Hague. Van Gogh's work did not live up to his uncle's expectations. Marinus offered a second commission, this time specifying the subject matter in detail, but was once again disappointed with the result. Nevertheless, Van Gogh persevered. He improved the lighting of his studio by installing variable shutters and experimented with different drawing materials. For more than a year he worked on single figures   highly elaborated studies in "Black and White",[note 17] which at the time gained him only criticism. Today, they are recognised as his first masterpieces.[140]


Starry Night Over the Rhone, 1888, Mus e d'Orsay, Paris

Olive Trees with the Alpilles in the Background, 1889, Museum of Modern Art, New York
In August 1882, Theo gave Vincent a donation, which he used to purchase materials conducive to working en plein air. Vincent wrote that he could now "go on painting with new vigour".[141] From early in 1883 he worked on multi-figure compositions, on which he based on his drawings. He had some of them photographed, but when his brother remarked that they lacked liveliness and freshness, he destroyed them and turned to oil painting. Van Gogh turned to renowned Hague School artists like Weissenbruch and Blommers, and received technical support from them, as well as from painters like De Bock and Van der Weele, both second generation Hague School artists.[142] When he moved to Nuenen after the intermezzo in Drenthe he began several large paintings but destroyed most of them. The Potato Eaters and its companion pieces are the only ones to have survived. Following a visit to the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh was aware that many of his faults were due to lack of technical experience.[142] So in November 1885 he travelled to Antwerp and later to Paris to learn and develop his skill.[143]

Van Gogh had become familiar with Impressionist and Neo-Impressionist techniques and theories, and went to Arles to explore these new possibilities. Within a short time, older ideas on art and work reappeared: ideas such as working with serial imagery on related or contrasting subject matter, which would reflect on the purposes of art. As his work progressed, he painted many Self-portraits. In Nuenen in 1884 he had worked on a series to decorate the dining room of a friend in Eindhoven. In Arles, in early 1888 he arranged his Flowering Orchards into triptychs, began a series of figures that found its end in The Roulin Family series, and when Gauguin had consented to work and live in Arles with Van Gogh, he started to work on The D corations for the Yellow House, which was by some accounts the most ambitious effort he ever undertook.[82] Most of his later work is involved with elaborating on or revising its fundamental settings. In early 1889, he painted another, smaller group of orchards. In an April letter to Theo, he said, "I have 6 studies of Spring, two of them large orchards. There is little time because these effects are so short-lived."[144]

Self portraits
See also: Self-portraits by Vincent van Gogh
A red-bearded man with a straw hat on gazes to the left.
Self-Portrait with Straw Hat, Paris, Winter 1887/88, Metropolitan Museum of Art
An intense man clean shaven man, with close cropped hair looks to the left.
Self-portrait without beard, late September 1889, private collection. Possibly Van Gogh's last self portrait, and a birthday gift to his mother[145]
A red-bearded man in a blue smock holding paintbrushes and artist palette in his hand; looks to the left.
Self-portrait, 1889, National Gallery of Art. His Saint-R my self-portraits show the artist's side with the unmutilated ear, as he saw himself in the mirror
Van Gogh produced many self-portraits during his lifetime; he drew or painted more than 43 between 1886 and 1889.[146][147] They vary in intensity and colour, and some portray the artist with beard, some without, and others with bandages   in the period after he had severed a portion of his ear. Self-portrait without beard, from late September 1889, was one of the most expensive paintings ever sold at the time of its 1998 sale, when it went for  71.5 million in New York. It was also Van Gogh's last self-portrait, completed as a birthday gift to his mother.[148]

The self-portraits painted in Saint-R my show the artist's head from the right, that is opposite his mutilated ear; he painted himself reflected in his mirror.[149][150][151] During the final weeks of his life in Auvers-sur-Oise, he produced many paintings, but no self-portraits, as he returned to painting the natural world.[152]

Portraits
See also: Portraits by Vincent van Gogh
An intense woman with black hair, elbow rests on a table of books and stares to the left.
L'Arl sienne: Madame Ginoux with Books, November 1888. The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York
An open faced, well dressed, young woman with reddish-blond hair gazes to the right.
La Mousm , 1888, National Gallery of Art, Washington D.C.
A blackbearded man in a uniform and red Fez; looks to the right
Le Zouave (half-figure), June 1888. Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam
Van Gogh is best known for his landscapes, but he seemed to have believed that portraits were his greatest ambition.[153] He said of portrait studies, that they were "the only thing in painting that moves me deeply and that gives me a sense of the infinite."[154]

He wrote to his sister that he "should like to paint portraits which appear after a century to people living then as apparitions...I do not endeavour to achieve this through photographic resemblance, but my means of our impassioned emotions   that is to say using our knowledge and our modern taste for colour as a means of arriving at the expression and the intensification of the character."[155]

Cypresses
See also: Olive Trees (series)
One of Van Gogh's most popular and widely known series is his cypresses. In mid-1889, at his sister Wil's request, he made several smaller versions of Wheat Field with Cypresses.[156] These works are characterised by swirls and densely painted impasto, and produced one of his best-known paintings, The Starry Night. Other works from the series include Olive Trees with the Alpilles in the Background (1889) Cypresses (1889), Cypresses with Two Figures (1889 90), Road with Cypress and Star (1890), and Starry Night Over the Rhone (1888). They have become synonymous with Van Gogh's work through their stylistic uniqueness.

An early night sky with an intense large yellow star surrounded by a white halo to the top left, an intense yellow and red-lined glowing crescent moon to the mid-right top. A large singular dark green Cypress tree painted with impasto and intense upright brush strokes extends down the middle of the painting, from the top of the canvas to the burnt orange field below, where it grows beside a twisting stream. in the far distant horizon are low blue hills and to the far right is a farmhouse with smoke from the chimney and lights on within. Along the right side of the foreground are two figures walking along on the road and quite a way behind them is a horse drawn buggy also coming down the road.
Road with Cypress and Star, May 1890, Kr ller-M ller Museum
An open field of yellow wheat, under swirling and bright white clouds in an afternoon sky. A large cypress tree to the extreme right painted in shades of dark greens with swirling and impastoed brushstrokes. There are several smaller trees to the left and around the cypress tree are more small trees and several haystacks. There are blue-gray hills on the horizon in the background.
Wheat Field with Cypresses, 1889, National Gallery, London
A pair of large trees to the left, one so tall it goes out of the top of the picture and mountains in the distance along the horizon. The afternoon sky is painted with bright blue and green swirls with white clouds and a visible daytime crescent moon also surrounded by swirls and halos. The dark green trees to the left are painted with thick impasto brush-strokes and swirls as well as the lighter yellow-green grasses in the foreground below.
Cypresses, 1889, Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York
A pair of women stand facing left in front of four massive cypress trees.
Cypresses with Two Figures, 1889 90, Kr ller-M ller Museum
Road with Cypress and Star (1890) is as compositionally unreal and artificial as The Starry Night. It represents an exalted experience of reality, what both Van Gogh and Gauguin referred to as an "abstraction". Referring to Olive Trees with the Alpilles in the Background, on or around 18 June 1889, in a letter to his brother, Van Gogh wrote, "At last I have a landscape with olives and also a new study of a Starry Night."[157]

Hoping to obtain a gallery for his work, his undertook a series of paintings including Still Life: Vase with Twelve Sunflowers (1888), and Starry Night Over the Rhone (1888), all intended to form the decorations for the Yellow House.[158]

Flowering Orchards
See also: Flowering Orchards
A field on an early spring day with several lightly blooming trees in the left and in the distance contrasted against a pale sky. To the right middle ground is a large single tree with several growing branches in early bloom. A rake leans against the tree-trunk.
Cherry Tree, 1888, Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York.
foreground has three erect trees in front of water reflecting green plants behind it, while the background has rows of trees, a few buildings and either trees or hills.
View of Arles, Flowering Orchards, 1889, Neue Pinakothek.
The series of Flowering Orchards, sometimes referred to as the Orchards in Blossom paintings, were among the first groups of work that Van Gogh completed after his arrival in Arles, Provence in February 1888. The 14 paintings in this group are optimistic, joyous and visually expressive of the burgeoning Spring. They are delicately sensitive, silent, quiet and unpopulated. Vincent wrote to Theo on 21 April 1888 and said he had 10 orchards and: "one big [painting] of a cherry tree, which I've spoiled".[159] Early the following year he painted another smaller group of orchards, including View of Arles, Flowering Orchards.[144] Van Gogh was consumed by the landscape and vegetation of the south of France, and often visited the farm gardens near Arles. Because of the vivid light of the Mediterranean climate his palette significantly brightened.[160]

Flowers
See also: Sunflowers (series of paintings) and Almond Blossoms
A field with flowers, various plants and trees in front of a several buildings (some of which are either tall or on a hill).
View of Arles with Irises, 1888, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam.
A field of flowers. The foreground includes long green stems with blue flowers, while the background includes prominent gold flowers on the left; white flowers in the center and a field to the right.
Irises, 1889, Getty Center, Los Angeles
closeup view of blossoms on tree branches against pale blue sky
Almond Blossom, 1890. Van Gogh Museum
Van Gogh painted several landscapes with flowers, including his View of Arles with Irises, and paintings of flowers, including Irises, Sunflowers,[161] lilacs and roses. Some reflect his interests in the language of colour, and also in Japanese ukiyo-e woodblock prints.[162] He completed two series of sunflowers. The first dated from his 1887 stay in Paris, the second during his visit to Arles the following year. The Paris series shows living flowers in the ground, in the second, they are dying in vases. The 1888 paintings were created during a rare period of optimism for the artist. He intended them to decorate a bedroom where Gauguin was supposed to stay in Arles that August, when the two would create the community of artists Van Gogh had long hoped for. The flowers are rendered with thick brushstrokes and heavy layers of paint.[163]

He wrote to Theo in August 1888, "I m painting with the gusto of a Marseillais eating bouillabaisse, which won t surprise you when it s a question of painting large sunflowers[...]If I carry out this plan there ll be a dozen or so panels. The whole thing will therefore be a symphony in blue and yellow. I work on it all these mornings, from sunrise. Because the flowers wilt quickly and it s a matter of doing the whole thing in one go."[164]

Wheat fields
See also: Wheat Fields (Van Gogh series) and The Wheat Field

Wheatfield with Crows, 1890, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam
Van Gogh made several painting excursions during visits to the landscape around Arles. He made paintings featuring harvests, wheat fields and other rural landmarks of the area, including The Old Mill (1888); a good example of a picturesque structure bordering the wheat fields beyond.[68] It was one of seven canvases sent to Pont-Aven on 4 October 1888 as exchange of work with Paul Gauguin,  mile Bernard, Charles Laval, and others.[68] At various times in his life, Van Gogh painted the view from his window   at The Hague, Antwerp, Paris. These works culminated in The Wheat Field series, which depicted the view he could see from his adjoining cells in the asylum at Saint-R my.[165]


Wheat Fields, early June 1889, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo
Many of Van Gogh's late paintings are sombre, but they are essentially optimistic and reflect his desire to return to lucid mental health right up to the time of his death. Yet some of his final works reflect his deepening concerns. Referring to his paintings of wheatfields under troubled skies, he commented in a letter to his brother Theo: "I did not have to go out of my way very much in order to try to express sadness and extreme loneliness." Nevertheless, he adds in the same paragraph: "these canvases will tell you what I cannot say in words, that is, how healthy and invigorating I find the countryside."[167]

Writing in July 1890, after he had moved to Auvers, Van Gogh said that he had become absorbed "in the immense plain against the hills, boundless as the sea, delicate yellow."[123] He had become captivated by the fields in May when the wheat was young and green. The weather worsened in July, and he wrote to Theo of "vast fields of wheat under troubled skies", adding that he did not "need to go out of my way to try and express sadness and extreme loneliness."[168] In particular, the work Wheatfield with Crows serves as a compelling and poignant expression of the artist's state of mind in his final days, a painting Hulsker discusses as being associated with "melancholy and extreme loneliness," a "doom-filled painting with threatening skies and ill-omened crows."[169] Hulsker identifies seven oil paintings by Van Gogh as following the completion of the Wheatfield with Crows in July 1890 while in Auvers.[170]

Legacy
Posthumous fame
Main articles: Posthumous fame of Vincent van Gogh and Cultural depictions of Vincent van Gogh
man wearing a straw hat, carrying a canvas and paintbox, walking to the left, down a tree lined, leaf strewn country road
Painter on the Road to Tarascon, August 1888, Vincent van Gogh on the road to Montmajour. Formerly Museum Magdeburg, believed destroyed by fire in World War II
Following his first exhibitions in the late 1880s, Van Gogh's reputation grew steadily among colleagues, art critics, dealers, and collectors.[171] After his death, memorial exhibitions were mounted in Brussels, Paris, The Hague, and Antwerp. In the early 20th century, there were retrospectives in Paris (1901 and 1905) and Amsterdam (1905), and important group exhibitions in Cologne (1912), New York (1913), and Berlin (1914).[172] These had a noticeable impact on later generations of artists.[173] By the mid-20th century, Van Gogh was seen as one of the greatest and most recognisable painters in history.[174][175] In 2007, a group of Dutch historians compiled the "Canon of Dutch History" to be taught in schools, and included Van Gogh as one of the fifty topics of the canon, alongside other national icons such as Rembrandt and De Stijl.

Van Gogh's works are among the world's most expensive paintings, based on data from auction and private sales. Those sold for over US 100 million (today's equivalent) include Portrait of Dr. Gachet,[176] Portrait of Joseph Roulin, and Irises. A Wheatfield with Cypresses was sold in 1993 for US 57 million, a spectacularly high price at the time, and his Self-Portrait with Bandaged Ear was sold privately in the late 1990s for an estimated US 80/ 90 million.[177]

Influence
Van Gogh was childless, but wrote that he needed to create something greater than himself, and producing "thoughts instead of children" was one way he hoped to do so.[note 18] The historian Simon Schama said that Van Gogh "did have a child of course, Expressionism, and many, many heirs." Schama mentioned artists who have adapted elements of Van Gogh's style, including Willem de Kooning, Howard Hodgkin and Jackson Pollock.[178] The Abstract Expressionism of the 1940s and 1950s is seen as being partly inspired by Van Gogh's broad, gestural brush strokes. The art critic Sue Hubbard considered that Van Gogh created a new artistic language, tapped into the subconscious, and was a "trailblazer of modern art."[179]

In 1947, Antonin Artaud, who also suffered from mental disorders, was invited by the art dealer Pierre Loeb to write on Van Gogh as a retrospective of his works opened at the Orangerie in Paris.[180] This led to the book Van Gogh le suicid  de la soci t  (Van Gogh, The Man Suicided by Society), in which Artaud argued that Van Gogh's psychological condition was to be understood as a superior lucidity misunderstood by his contemporaries.[181] In 1957, Francis Bacon based a series of paintings on reproductions of Van Gogh's The Painter on the Road to Tarascon, the original of which was destroyed during World War II. Bacon was inspired by both an image he described as "haunting", and by Van Gogh himself, whom he regarded as an alienated outsider, a position which resonated with him. Bacon identified with Van Gogh's theories of art and quoted lines written in a letter to Theo: "[R]eal painters do not paint things as they are ... [T]hey paint them as they themselves feel them to be."[182]
20th-century art
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

Jackson Pollock, No. 5, 1948
20th-century art and what it became as modern art began with modernism in the late 19th century. Nineteenth-century movements of Post-Impressionism (Les Nabis), Art Nouveau and Symbolism led to the first twentieth-century art movements of Fauvism in France and Die Br cke ("The Bridge") in Germany. Fauvism in Paris introduced heightened non-representational colour into figurative painting. Die Br cke strove for emotional Expressionism. Another German group was Der Blaue Reiter ("The Blue Rider"), led by Kandinsky in Munich, who associated the blue rider image with a spiritual non-figurative mystical art of the future. Kandinsky, Kupka, R. Delaunay and Picabia were pioneers of abstract (or non-representational) art. Cubism, generated by Picasso, Braque, Metzinger, Gleizes and others rejected the plastic norms of the Renaissance by introducing multiple perspectives into a two-dimensional image. Futurism incorporated the depiction of movement and machine age imagery. Dadaism, with its most notable exponents, Marcel Duchamp, who rejected conventional art styles altogether by exhibiting found objects, notably a urinal, and too Francis Picabia, with his Portraits M caniques.

Parallel movements in Russia were Suprematism, where Kasimir Malevich also created non-representational work, notably a black canvas. The Jack of Diamonds group with Mikhail Larionov was expressionist in nature.


Henri Matisse, Woman with a Hat, 1905
 

Andr  Derain, Charing Cross Bridge, London, 1906, National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC.
 

Pablo Picasso, Les Demoiselles d'Avignon, 1907
 

Georges Braque, Le Viaduc de L'Estaque (Viaduct at L'Estaque), 1908
 

Jean Metzinger, Le go ter (Tea Time), 1911, Philadelphia Museum of Art. Andr  Salmon dubbed this painting "The Mona Lisa of Cubism"
 

Albert Gleizes, Le Chemin, Paysage   Meudon, Paysage avec personnage, 1911
 

Marcel Duchamp, Nude Descending a Staircase, No. 2, 1912, Philadelphia Museum of Art
 

Wassily Kandinsky Composition VII, 1912
 

Franti ek Kupka, Amorpha, Fugue in Two Colors, 1912
 

Robert Delaunay, Le Premier Disque, 1912 13
 

Giorgio de Chirico, Love Song 1914, Museum of Modern Art
 

Kasimir Malevich, Black Square, 1915
Dadaism preceded Surrealism, where the theories of Freudian psychology led to the depiction of the dream and the unconscious in art in work by Salvador Dal . Kandinsky's introduction of non-representational art preceded the 1950s American Abstract Expressionist school, including Jackson Pollock, who dripped paint onto the canvas, and Mark Rothko, who created large areas of flat colour. Detachment from the world of imagery was reversed in the 1960s by the Pop Art movement, notably Andy Warhol, where brash commercial imagery became a Fine Art staple. Warhol also minimised the role of the artist, often employing assistants to make his work and using mechanical means of production, such as silkscreen printing. This marked a change from Modernism to Post-Modernism. Photorealism evolved from Pop Art and as a counter to Abstract Expressionists.

Subsequent initiatives towards the end of the century involved a paring down of the material of art through Minimalism, and a shift toward non-visual components with Conceptual art, where the idea, not necessarily the made object, was seen as the art. The last decade of the century saw a fusion of earlier ideas in work by Jeff Koons, who made large sculptures from kitsch subjects, and in the UK, the Young British Artists, where Conceptual Art, Dada and Pop Art ideas led to Damien Hirst's exhibition of a shark in formaldehyde in a vitrine.

Some important movements[edit]
Symbolism (arts)
Divisionism
Fauvism
Cubism
Futurism
Cubo-Futurism
Orphism
Purism
Synchromism
Surrealism
Suprematism
Bauhaus
Dadaism
De Stijl
Social Realism
American Regionalism
Butoh
Biomorphism
Abstract Expressionism
Tachisme
Lyrical Abstraction
Informalism
COBRA
Outsider art (art brut)
Fluxus
Neo-Dada
Rayonism
Art Deco
Color Field painting
Arte Povera
Zero Group
Pop Art
Photorealism
Minimalism
Conceptual art
Neo-expressionism
Appropriation art
Installation art
Digital art
Op Art
Modernism
Late Modernism
Remodernism
Portraits by Vincent van Gogh
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Main articles: Vincent van Gogh and Self-portraits by Vincent van Gogh
Vincent van Gogh lived during the Impressionist era. With the development of photography, painters and artists turned to conveying the feeling and ideas behind people, places, and things rather than trying to imitate their physical forms. Impressionist artists did this by emphasizing certain hues, using vigorous brushstrokes, and paying attention to highlighting. Vincent van Gogh implemented this ideology to pursue his goal of depicting his own feelings toward and involvement with his subjects. Van Gogh s portraiture focuses on color and brushstrokes to demonstrate their inner qualities and van Gogh s own relationship with them.

Portraits painted by Vincent van Gogh throughout his career from 1881 through 1890.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Portraits of Vincent van Gogh by other artists
2 The Netherlands & Brussels 1881-1886
2.1 Joseph Blok
2.2 Peasant character studies
2.3 Portrait of a Woman in blue
2.4 Portrait of a Woman with Red Ribbon
2.5 Portrait of an Old Man with Beard
2.6 Sien
3 Paris 1886 1888
3.1 Alexander Reid
3.2 Agostina Segatori
3.3 Etienne-Lucien Martin
3.4 Leonie Rose Davy-Charbuy
3.5 Nude study of a Little Girl
3.6 P re Tanguy
3.7 Portrait of a Man
3.8 Portrait of a Man with a Moustache
3.9 Portrait of a Woman
3.10  Portrait of a Woman, Facing Right
3.11  The Smoker
3.12  Woman Sitting in the Grass
4 Arles 1888-1889
4.1 Doctor Rey
4.2 The Ginoux Family
4.3 La Mousm 
4.4 The Zouave
4.5 Head of a Girl
4.6 The Lover: Paul-Eug ne Milliet
4.7 The Mudlark
4.8 Old Woman of Arles
4.9 One-eyed Man
4.10  Paul Gauguin
4.11  The Poet: Eug ne Boch
4.12  Portrait of the Artist's Mother
4.13  The Roulin Family
4.13.1  Le Facteur: Joseph Roulin
4.13.2  Augustine
4.13.3  La Berceuse (Augustine)
4.13.4  Armand
4.13.5  Camille
4.13.6  Marcelle
4.14  Vieux Paysan: Patience Escalier
5 Saint-R my-en-Provence 1889
5.1 The Trabuc Family
5.2 Portrait of a patient
6 Auvers-sur-Oise
6.1 The Gachet Family
6.2 Adeline Ravoux
6.3 Child with Orange
6.4 Girl in White
6.5 Little Arlesienne
6.6 Young Peasant Woman with Straw Hat
6.7 Two Children
6.8 Young Man with Cornflower
7 Resources
7.1 Notes
7.2 References
7.3 See also
8 External links
Portraits of Vincent van Gogh by other artists[edit]
 mile Bernard described Van Gogh as having "a sharp glance and a mouth incisively set as if to speak." Aside from a consistent intensity, Van Gogh's actual appearance in portraits seems elusive. For instance, John Russell's painting of Van Gogh looking over his shoulder seems strikingly different than the Toulouse-Lautrec's painting of Van Gogh leaning over a caf  table.[1]


John Peter Russell
1886
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam
 

Photo by Victor Morin, c. 1886, Brussels, discovered in the early 1990s. Experts disagree whether or not it is Vincent van Gogh.[2]
 

Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec
1887, pastel on cardboard
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam
 

Paul Gauguin
1888
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam
The Netherlands & Brussels 1881-1886[edit]
Van Gogh was fascinated with making portraits early in his artistic career. He wrote to his brother, Theo while studying in The Hague, "I want to do a drawing that not quite everybody will understand, the figure simplified to the essentials, with a deliberate disregard of those details that do not belong to the actual character and are merely accidental." As an example, he discussed having their parents pose for a painting, but that, in capturing the character of a "poor village clergyman" or "a couple who have grown old together in love and fidelity", they may not appreciate the work, because in doing so the painting would not be an exact likeness. Even so, he considered it a "serious matter" to focus on their character, one where his approach should be trusted.[3]

Joseph Blok[edit]
Van Gogh wrote to his brother Theo in November 1882 that he had drawn a portrait of Jozef Blok (F993), a street bookseller who was sometimes called "Binnenhof's outdoor librarian". Unlike the character studies, the work was detailed in pencil with watercolor and chalk. At this time it was rare for Van Gogh to use color, as he found it difficult to work with (see early works of Vincent van Gogh).


Portrait of Jozef Blok (bookseller), watercolor, 1882, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F993)
Peasant character studies[edit]
Main article: Peasant Character Studies (Van Gogh series)
In November 1882 Van Gogh began drawings of individuals to depict a range of character types from the working class.[4] The "peasant genre" that greatly influenced Van Gogh began in the 1840s with the works of Jean-Fran ois Millet, Jules Breton, and others. In 1885 Van Gogh described the painting of peasants as the most essential contribution to modern art.[5]

Van Gogh held laborers up to a high standard of how dedicatedly he should approach painting, "One must undertake with confidence, with a certain assurance that one is doing a reasonable thing, like the farmer who drives his plow... (one who) drags the harrow behind himself. If one hasn't a horse, one is one's own horse." [6]

To depicting the essence of the life of the peasant and their spirit, Van Gogh lived as they lived, he was in the fields as they were, enduring the weather or long hours as they were. To do so was not something taught in schools, he noted, and became frustrated by traditionalists who focused on technique more so than the nature of the people being captured.[7] So thoroughly engaged in living the peasant lifestyle, his appearance and manner of speech began to separate himself from others, but this was a cost he believed he needed to bear for his artistic development.[8]


Woman Sewing Watercolor, 1881 82, P. and N. de Boer Foundation, Amsterdam (F869)
 

Fisherman on the Beach, 1882, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo (F5)
 

Fisherman's Wife on the Beach, 1882, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo (F6)
 

Man Stooping with Stick or Spade, 1882, Kuboso Memorial Museum of Arts, Izumi, Japan (F12)
 

Peasant Woman, Half Figure, Seated with White Cap, 1884, Morohashi Museum of Modern Art, Fukushima, Japan (F143)
 

Peasant from Nuenen, 1885 Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium, Brussels (F163)
 

Head of a Woman with her Hair Loose, 1885, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F206)
 

Head of a Man with a Pipe, 1885, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F169)
 

Head of an Old Woman with White Cap (The Midwife), 1885, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F174)
 

Head of a Peasant Woman with Dark Cap, 1885, Private collection (F137)
Portrait of a Woman in blue[edit]

Portrait of Woman in Blue 1885 Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F207a)
Portrait of a Woman with Red Ribbon[edit]

Portrait of a Woman with Red Ribbon 1885 Private collection (F207)
Portrait of an Old Man with Beard[edit]
Van Gogh described his sitter for this painting a "wonderful old man." It was made in Antwerp where Van Gogh hoped to bring in money to support himself by painting portraits.[9]


Portrait of an Old Man with Beard
1885
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F205)
Sien[edit]
Van Gogh made a series of paintings of Sien Hoornik, a prostitute whom he met and took in when he lived at The Hague. Included in the series are works of Sien's daughter, Maria, her newborn son and her mother.

Vincent van Gogh - Sorrow.jpg
 
Sien Pregnant, Walking with Older Woman 988a Vincent van Gogh.jpg
 
Sien Nursing Baby, Half-Figure F1065 Vincent van Gogh.jpg
 
Sien,-Sitting-on-a-Basket,-with-a-Girl F1072 Vincent van Gogh.jpg
 
Woman with Dark Cap (Sien's Mother).jpg
Paris 1886 1888[edit]
Alexander Reid[edit]

Portrait of the Art Dealer Alexander Reid
1887
Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum, Glasgow, Scotland (F343)
 

Portrait of the Art Dealer Alexander Reid; Sitting in an Easy Chair, 1886 87
Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art, Norman, Oklahoma (F270)
Agostina Segatori[edit]
Main article: Agostina Segatori Sitting in the Caf  du Tambourin
Van Gogh occasionally visited Caf  du Tambourin run by Agostina Segatori, the subject of this painting. Previously an artist's model[10] to Manet and Corot and others,[11] the Naples-born Agostina saved the money she earned working as a model and opened the Italian themed Caf  du Tambourin in 1885, which particularly catered to artists.[12]

The Italian Woman also called Le Italienne is "without doubt" Agostina Segatori, per the Mus e d'Orsay. Van Gogh introduced elements of Japanese woodcut prints in this portrait. Agostina is portrayed without shadows. Surrounding her image is an asymmetrical border with a monochromatic background. He also brings, though, his own style and energy to the work as compared to the clean lines of the Asian prints. Complementary, contrasting colors of Neo-impressionism are used to bring intensity to the work: green against red and blue standing next to orange so that the paired colors are more vivid than they would be on their own. Van Gogh creates his own style of brushstroke from Impressionism and Pointillism, in this case a "criss-cross of overlapping nervous hatching. He uses red and green in her face which he later described as a technique "to be able to express the terrible passions of humanity by means of red and green".[13]


Agostina Segatori Sitting in the Caf  du Tambourin
1887
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F370)
 

Italian Woman (Agostina Segatori)
1887
Mus e d'Orsay, Paris (F381)
Etienne-Lucien Martin[edit]
The Portrait of Etienne-Lucien Martin was made of the owner of a restaurant in Paris. He allowed artists to exhibit their work. In November 1887 Van Gogh and his friends showed their works; Van Gogh did not sell a painting. Van Gogh made the painting of Martin with care and precision. The colors within the portrait itself and the background were subdued, painted with delicate brushstrokes. The gentleman's face, though, has striped of colors across the cheeks.[14]


Portrait of Lucien Martin
1886 87
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F289)
Leonie Rose Davy-Charbuy[edit]
Art dealer Pierre Firmin-Martin, a friend of Van Gogh's brother Theo, displayed some of Van Gogh's paintings. Mother by a Cradle, Portrait of Leonie Rose Davy-Charbuy was made of Martin's niece who lived with her uncle. Reflective of the family's interest in art, paintings hang in the background. In the year the painting was made Theo commented that Van Gogh done a good job painting portraits but had never asked for payment.[15]


Mother by a Cradle, Portrait of Leonie Rose Davy-Charbuy
1887
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F369)
Nude study of a Little Girl[edit]

Nude Study of a Little Girl, Seated 1886 Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F215)
P re Tanguy[edit]

Portrait of P re Tanguy
1887-88
Mus e Rodin, Paris (F363)
Main article: Portrait of P re Tanguy
Portrait of P re Tanguy, painted by Vincent van Gogh in 1887, is one of three paintings of Julien Tanguy. The three works demonstrate a progression in Van Gogh's artistic style since arriving in Paris. The first painting is somber and the composition is simple. In the second painting Van Gogh introduces his Japanese prints. The last and most advanced in style, skill and color reflects integration of Japanese, Impressionist, and other influences of the Parisian artist community. The painting conveys a sense of serenity that Van Gogh seeks for himself. This last painting of Tanguy is in the Mus e Rodin, Paris.

P re Tanguy was a Breton who was exiled and pardoned after taking part in the French Revolution. When Vincent van Gogh knew him, he owned a small artist s supply shop. The shop was an important to the painters of the era. Impressionist painters in Paris were commonly found in P re Tanguy s shop. Painters like C zanne, Pissarro, and Gauguin, as well as their paintings, frequented the shop. Van Gogh painted a few portraits of P re Tanguy. This specific portrait, painted in the winter of 1887-88 of P re Tanguy is more well known because of its frontal perspective, like that of early photography. The development of photography is part of what inspired the impressionistic style. The technology to take an exact image of a person in turn created a style of painting determined to capture more than what the eye could see. Van Gogh s style was driven by this goal as well as his own interest to involve his own thoughts in the artwork. In this portrait of P re Tanguy, van Gogh communicates his friendship with Tanguy and his own love of foreign artwork. All the while, van Gogh s portrait falls into the popular theme of portrait figures surrounded by objects at that time. Van Gogh contrasts the flat, garish colors of the stylized Japanese woodcuts with the depth of the cool tones creating P re Tanguy s portrait. However, he manages to tie these two ideas together by implementing warm, bright highlights in P re Tanguy s face, hat, and hands. The angles in Tanguy s posture are also mimicked in the Japanese woodcuts. This combination shows the relationship that van Gogh saw between his friend, the shop owner, and van Gogh s pleasant experiences with exotic art. Tanguy s visage is pivotal feature of the painting. The emphasis on varying skin tones, highlights, and lowlights create a recognizable person. This and spirit of the painting centering from Tanguy s gaze is a stark contrast from the faces of the Japanese woodcuts. This depiction of the east and west in contrast show van Gogh s understanding of essential differences between art from the Far East and Europe.


Portrait of P re Tanguy
1886 87
Ny Carlsberg Glyptotek, Copenhagen (F263)
 

Portrait of P re Tanguy, The second painting of P re Tanguy
1887-88
Private collection of Philip Niarchos or Tate Gallery, London (F364)
Portrait of a Man[edit]

Portrait of a Man 1886 National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne, Victoria (F209)
Portrait of a Man with a Moustache[edit]

Portrait of a Man with a Moustache 1886 87 Location unknown (F288)
Portrait of a Woman[edit]

Portrait of a Woman (Madame Tanguy ) 1886 87 Kunstmuseum, Basel (F357)
Portrait of a Woman, Facing Right[edit]

Portrait of a Woman, Facing Right 1886 Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F215b)
The Smoker[edit]

The Smoker, 1887
Oil on canvas, 60 x 49 cm
Barnes Foundation, Philadelphia
Woman Sitting in the Grass[edit]

Woman Sitting in the Grass 1887 Private collection (F367)
Arles 1888-1889[edit]

Les Ar nes
(December 1888)
Hermitage Museum, St. Petersburg.

Members of the Roulin Family are depicted in this portrait,[16] and the woman in Arl sienne costume has the profile of Madame Ginoux.[17]
Van Gogh went to Arles for the sun, color and country lifestyle but more than anything else "what I really hope to do is paint a good portrait."[18]

Doctor Rey[edit]
According to Doiteau & Leroy, one day Van Gogh wanted to present a painting he had just finished to Dr. Rey. But the doctor refused the gift, so Van Gogh offered the painting to the pharmacist of the hospital just passing by, a Mr Rousseau. He, too, refused and so the next passer-by, the administrator of the hospital, was offered the painting - and he, a certain Mr Neuvi re, is said to have accepted.[19] See also Hospital in Arles (Van Gogh series).

Rey later reminisced: "When I saw that he outlined my head entirely in green (he had only two main colors, red and green), that he painted my hair and my mustache--I really did not have red hair--in a blazing red on a biting green background, I was simply horrified ..."[20]


Portrait of Doctor F lix Rey
January 1889
Pushkin Museum, Moscow, Russia (F500)
The Ginoux Family[edit]
Main article: L'Arl sienne (painting)
Marie Ginoux, born Jullian (or Julien) in Arles (June 8, 1848 - August 2, 1911), and her husband Joseph (1835 1906) married February 2, 1866, and ran the Caf  de la Gare, at 30 Place Lamartine.


L'Arlesienne: Madame Ginoux with Books
1888
The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, New York (F488)
 

L'Arlesienne: Portrait of Madame Ginoux
1888
Mus e d'Orsay, Paris, France (F489)
 

L'Arlesienne (Portrait of Madame Ginoux)
1890
Museum of Modern Art, Rome, Italy (F540)
 

L'Arlesienne (Portrait of Madame Ginoux)
1890
Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F541)
 

L'Arlesienne (Portrait of Madame Ginoux)
1890
S o Paulo Museum of Modern Art, Brazil (F542)
 

L'Arlesienne (Portrait of Madame Ginoux)
1890
Private Collection (F543)
 

Portrait of Joseph-Michel Ginoux
1888
Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F533)
La Mousm [edit]
Main article: La Mousm 
La Mousm  was painted by Vincent van Gogh in 1888 while living in Arles, which Van Gogh dubbed "the Japan of the south". Retreating from the city, he hoped that his time in Arles would evoke in his work the simple, yet dramatic expression of Japanese art. Inspired by Pierre Loti's novel Madame Chrysanth me and Japanese artwork, Vincent painted La Mousm , a well-dressed Japanese girl. The audience is drawn in by his use of contracting patterns and colors that bring in an energy and intensity to the work.


La Mousm , July 1888
Oil on canvas, 74 x 60 cm
National Gallery of Art, Washington D.C.
The Zouave[edit]
Main article: The Zouave
Van Gogh, excited to have a model for a portrait, worked on the portraits of a Zouave in June 1888 in Arles. Van Gogh described him as a boy, with a small face, large neck and intense eyes. A half-length portrait was made of the tanned man with bright colors he called a "savage combination of incongruous tones". The Zuoave's uniform was blue with red-orange braids, a red cap and two yellow stars on his chest, all placed against the background of a green door and orange bricks.[21][22] Unsatisfied with the painting, he called it "ugly and unsuccessful", but thought the challenge might expand his artistic skill. Van Gogh also made a drawing, of which he was not particularly pleased, and a painting of the Zouave against a white wall.[23]


Le Zouave
June 1888
Oil on canvas, 82 x 65 cm
Private collection (F424)
 

Le Zouave (half-figure)
June 1888
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F423)
 

The Zouave, watercolor, 1888, Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York (F1482)


Head of a Girl[edit]
Main article: Head of a Girl
This portrait, and The Zouave, was one of the two portraits by van Gogh in 1888 of anonymous subjects, that he sent to his Australian artist friend John Russell. Like The Zouave, Van Gogh compared his subject to an animal. He called the girl "a dirty mudlark". [24]


Head of a Girl, Late June 1888
Reed pen and ink on wove paper, 18 x 19.5 cm
Guggenheim Museum
The Lover: Paul-Eug ne Milliet[edit]
Paul-Eug ne Milliet was a 2nd Lieutenant at the 3rd Zouave Regiment which had quarters at the Caserne Calvin located on Boulevard des Lices in Arles. Vincent van Gogh gave him drawing lessons, and in return Milliet took a roll of paintings by Van Gogh to Paris, when in mid August he was passing the French capital on his way to the North, where Milliet spent his holidays. On his return to Arles, at the end of September 1888, Milliet handed over a batch of Ukiyo-e woodcuts and other prints selected by Vincent's brother Theo from their collection. In the days that followed Vincent executed this portrait of Milliet.

In the first version of Van Gogh's Bedroom, executed in October 1888, Milliet's portrait is shown hanging to the right of the portrait of Eug ne Boch.

Decades later, when Milliet had retired to the 7th arrondissement in Paris, his memories of Van Gogh were recorded by Pierre Weiller, at this time living on lease in a building owned by Milliet, and published in 1955, after Milliet's death.[25]


Paul-Eug ne Milliet (The Lover), 1888
Oil on canvas, 60 x 49 cm
Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo (F473)
 

Bedroom in Arles {1st Version}
The Mudlark[edit]
Girl with Ruffled Hair (The Mudlark) was painted by Van Gogh when he lived in Arles. The work resides at Mus e des Beaux-Arts, La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland (F535).[26] See also Paintings of Children (Van Gogh series).


Girl with Ruffled Hair (The Mudlark), Mus e des Beaux-Arts, La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland (F535).
Old Woman of Arles[edit]
Van Gogh's Old woman of Arles was made soon after he arrived in Arles. He wrote to his brother Theo, "I believe that there are real opportunities for portraiture here. While people here are enormously ignorant of painting in general, when it comes to their own appearance and their own lives, they are much more artistic than in the North."[27]


An Old Woman of Arles
1888
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam, Netherlands (F390)
One-eyed Man[edit]
The One-eyed Man is a portrait of a patient at the Saint-Paul asylum in Saint-R my. Van Gogh used sweeping brushstrokes in the painting made with green in the background, the man's coat and touches in his face. In the hospital Van Gogh found that in the presence of other patients he became more calm about his mental state. In a letter to his mother he wrote, "At the moment I am working on a portrait of one of the patients here. It is odd that if one is with them for a time, and has grown used to them, one no longer thinks them mad."[28]

There's a problem with timing here. Van Gogh was not in Saint-Paul's until 1889. Maybe the patient that Van Gogh referred to in the letter to his mother was about Portrait of a Patient.


Portrait of a One-Eyed Man
1888
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F532)
Paul Gauguin[edit]

Paul Gauguin (Man in a Red Beret)
1888
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F546)
The Poet: Eug ne Boch[edit]
Eug ne Boch (1855 1941) was a Belgian painter,[29] born in Saint-Vaast, Hainaut, who was the younger brother of Anna Boch, a founding member of Les XX. Born into a wealthy dynasty of manufacturers of fine china and ceramics, still active today under the firm of Villeroy & Boch, Eug ne Boch enrolled in the private atelier of L on Bonnat in Paris, in 1879. Since 1882, when Bonnat closed his atelier, he studied at the atelier of Fernand Cormon. Paintings of him were admitted to the Salon in 1882, 1883 and 1885. In June 1888, he was introduced by Dodge MacKnight to Vincent van Gogh.

The portrait was executed in the first days of September 1888, a few days before Boch's departure. In the first version of Van Gogh's Bedroom, executed in October 1888, this portrait is shown hanging to the left of the portrait of Paul-Eug ne Milliet. Arranged this way, both portraits may have formed part of the D coration for the Yellow House.

When Eug ne Boch died in 1941, he bequeathed The Poet (that is Van Gogh's title for his portrait of Eug ne Boch, which Boch received from Johanna van Gogh-Bonger as a present in July 1891) to the Louvre.[30]


Eug ne Boch (The Poet), 1888
Oil on canvas, 60 x 45 cm
Mus e d'Orsay, Paris (F462)
Portrait of the Artist's Mother[edit]
Main article: Portrait of the Artist's Mother (Van Gogh)
Portrait of Artist's Mother is a painting Vincent van Gogh made in 1888 of his mother, Anna Carbentus van Gogh from a black-and-white photograph. In September 1888 Van Gogh - answering to a letter of his sister Wil who had told him of a recent photograph of their mother - asked for a print.[31] About a week later he received it, but - "troubled by the black" - sat down to paint a copy based on this likeness:[32] Van Gogh's initial introduction to art was through his mother, an amateur artist. After years of strained relationship with family members, Van Gogh excitedly shared some of his works his mother would cherish most, those of flowers and natural settings. In this painting of his mother, Van Gogh captures her dignified, proud nature.[33]

Van Gogh made the painting, Memory of the Garden at Etten, to depict an older woman who he envisioned as his mother and a younger woman in a plaid shawl to represent his sister Wil and the lovely gardens of the Netherlands. In a letter to his sister Wil Van Gogh said he had "an impression of you like those in Dicken's novels."[34]


Portrait of Artist's Mother
October 1888
The Norton Simon Museum of Art, Pasadena, California (F477)
 

Memory of the Garden at Etten (Ladies of Arles)
1888
The Hermitage, St. Petersburg, Russia (F496)
The Roulin Family[edit]
Main article: The Roulin Family (Van Gogh series)
The Roulin Family is group of portrait paintings that Vincent van Gogh executed in Arles in 1888 and 1889 of Joseph, his wife Augustine and their three children: Armand, Camille and Marcelle. This series is unique in many ways. Although Van Gogh loved to paint portraits, it was difficult for financial and other reasons for him to find models. So, finding an entire family that agreed to sit for paintings, in fact for several sittings each was a bounty. Joseph Roulin became a particularly good, loyal and supporting friend to Van Gogh during his stay in Arles. To represent a man he truly admired was important to him. The family, with children ranging in age from four months to seventeen years, also gave him the opportunity to produces works of individuals in several different stages of life. Rather than making photographic-like works, Van Gogh used his imagination, colors and themes artistically and creatively to evoke desired emotions from the audience.

Le Facteur: Joseph Roulin[edit]

Portrait of the Postman Joseph Roulin (1841-1903) early August 1888, Museum of Fine Arts, Boston (F432)
While Van Gogh was living in Arles, Joseph Roulin was working at the railway station, both places close to their lodgings: Roulin and his family in a dead-end street, and Van Gogh just around the corner, at 2 Place Lamartine - and both frequented the Caf  run by the Ginoux couple, some footsteps further; there Van Gogh had lodged, before he moved to the Yellow House. Roulin was married to Augustine. They had three children: Armand, Camille and Marcelle. Van Gogh painted each of Roulin's family members several times between 1888-1889.

While in Arles, Vincent van Gogh became friends with the postman. Van Gogh painted several portraits of Roulin and his family. Roulin s  silent gravity and tenderness,  and his  strangely pure and touching  voice inspired van Gogh to paint him, commemorating their friendship. Van gogh painted this portrait with oil paints on a canvas in July 1888. Formally, the vast blue expanse of Roulin s coat takes the stage. The lack of contrasting colors within the blue coat and pants makes the plane lack depth. This official tone contrasts with Roulin s personality. The warm skin tones and vibrant reds, yellows, and greens in Roulin s thick beard are a tribute to the friendship van Gogh feels for the postman. This is a theme in impressionism; to paint feelings and ideas not otherwise visible using vibrant colors and brush strokes. Van Gogh emphasizes pinks in Roulin s cheeks, lights in Roulin s eyes, and the gentility of his hands to demonstrate aspects of Roulin s personality. The use of color, lighting, and brush stroke show the candour and intelligence van Gogh saw in the postman Roulin.


The Father or Portrait of the Postman Joseph Roulin, November December 1888, Kunstmuseum Winterthur, Switzerland (F434)
 

Drawing after the second version, Getty Museum
 

Portrait of the Postman Joseph Roulin, April 1888, Barnes Foundation, Merion Station, PA (F435)
Augustine[edit]
Augustine Roulin was born on 9 October 1851 in Lambesc and died on 5 April 1930.[35] After her husband had posed for several works with van Gogh, Augustine sat for Van Gogh and Paul Gauguin in the Yellow House the two men shared. During the sitting, she kept her gaze on Gauguin, possibly for reassurance because, according to her daughter, she was not comfortable in the presence of van Gogh.


The Mother or Portrait of Madame Augustine Roulin, Nov-Dec 1888, Oskar Reinhart Collection "Am R merholz", Winterthur (F503)
 

Paul Gauguin, Portrait of Madame Roulin
La Berceuse (Augustine)[edit]

La Berceuse (Augustine Roulin), February 1889, The Art Institute of Chicago, Illinois (F508)
In addition to the mother-daughter works where Marcelle is visible, Van Gogh also created several La Berceuse works where Augustine rocked her unseen cradle by a string.[36]

Van Gogh labeled the group of work La Berceuse meaning "our lullaby or the woman rocking the cradle."[35]


La Berceuse (Augustine Roulin), December 1888, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F504)
 

La Berceuse (Augustine Roulin), Museum of Fine Arts, Boston (F unk)
 

La Berceuse (Augustine Roulin), March 1889, Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam, Netherlands (F507)
 

La Berceuse (Augustine Roulin), January 1889, The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York (F505)
Armand[edit]
Armand Roulin, the eldest son, was born on 5 May 1871 in Lambesc, and died on 14 November 1945. He was 17 years of age when portrayed by Van Gogh.[37]


Portrait of Armand Roulin, 1888, Museum Folkwang, Essen (F492)
 

Portrait of Armand Roulin, 1888, Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen, Rotterdam (F493)
 

Young Man with a Cap (Armand Roulin), 1888, Private Collection, Z rich, Switzerland (F536)
Camille[edit]
Camille Roulin, the middle child, was born in Lambesc in southern France, on 10 July 1877, and died on 4 June 1922.[35] When his portrait was painted, Camille was eleven years of age. The Van Gogh Museum painting[38] shows Camille's head and shoulders. Yellow brush strokes behind him are evocative of the sun.[39]


Portrait of Camille Roulin, 1888, Oil on Canvas, Philadelphia Museum of Art, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (F537).
 

Portrait of Camille Roulin, 1888, Oil on Canvas, 40.5 X 32.5 cm, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam, Netherlands (F538)
 

The Schoolboy with Uniform Cap (Camille Roulin), early December 1888, Museu de Arte de S o Paulo, S o Paulo, Brazil (F665)
Marcelle[edit]

Mother Roulin with Her Baby, 1888, The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York (F491)
Marcelle Roulin, the youngest child, was born on 31 July 1888, and four months old, when Van Gogh made her portraits.[35] She was painted three times by herself and twice on her mother s lap.[40]

Madame Roulin s husband, the postman, was good friends with Vincent van Gogh while they were both in Arles. The portrait of Madame Roulin and her baby was painted through November and December 1888. Although an infant so young could have hardly posed for long, van Gogh managed to implicate his style of marking his subjects with the events of their lives. This portrait does not idealize the infant, but manages to capture the essence of the newborn. The child does not possess the cherub like qualities of babies depicted in the rococo style, but the definition of the contours of the cheeks are undeniably infantile. The expressions of pale pinks, blues, and yellows, in the baby s face show van Gogh s intent to demonstrate the nature of the skin. Madame Roulin, the mother, joins the portrait in two important ways. Madame Roulin s hands are positioned, delicately holding her child. Van Gogh s attention to their positioning and the light and color that make up her skin highlights the figurative idea of the hands. The details make the viewer conscious of the hands that care for the baby. Secondly Madame Roulin s profile appears as a part of the stark yellow background. The outline of her figure mimics the contour of the baby and establishes a strong connection between mother and child.


Roulin's Baby, 1888, Oil on Canvas, National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C. (F440)
 

Portrait of Marcelle Roulin, 1888, Oil on Canvas, 35 X 24.5 cm, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam, Netherlands (F441)
 

Portrait of Marcelle Roulin, 1888, Oil on Canvas, Fondation Socindec, Vaduz, Liechtenstein (F441a)
Vieux Paysan: Patience Escalier[edit]

Patience Escalier, second version, end August 1888, Oil on canvas, 69 x 56 cm, Private collection (F444)
Patience Escalier was a gardener and a shephard by trade, and his portrait the result of Van Gogh's desire to paint an older peasant who resembled his father in features.[41]

There are two versions of this portrait. One held by the Norton Simon Museum in Pasadena, California, and the other in the private collection of Philip Niarchos.[42]


Old Peasant (Patience Escalier), Drawing in pen and ink, September 1888, Fogg Art Museum, Cambridge, MA (F1460)
Saint-R my-en-Provence 1889[edit]
Main article: Saint-Paul Asylum, Saint-R my (Van Gogh series)

Gar on
The Trabuc Family[edit]
Fran ois Trabuc, who was the chief orderly at Saint-Paul, and his wife, Jeanne both sat for van Gogh. Fran ois Trabuc had a look of "contemplative calm" which van Gogh found interesting in spite of the misery he had witness at Saint-Paul and a Marseilles hospital during outbreaks of cholera. He wrote to Theo of Trabuc s character, a military presence and "small keen black eyes". If it were not for his intelligence and kindness, his eyes could seem like that of a bird of prey.[43]


Fran ois Trabuc
 

Jeanne Trabuc (b/w copy)
Portrait of a patient[edit]
While in Saint-Paul, Van Gogh wrote of other patients and their support for one another, "Though here there are some patients very seriously ill, the fear and horror of madness that I used to have has already lessened a great deal. And though here you continually hear terrible cries and howls like beasts in a menagerie, in spite of that people get to know each other very well and help each other when their attacks come on."[44]


Portrait of a Patient in Saint-Paul
Auvers-sur-Oise[edit]
The Gachet Family[edit]

Doctor Gachet, first version, Private collection
Main article: Portrait of Dr. Gachet
Portrait of Dr. Gachet is one of the most revered paintings by Dutch artist Vincent van Gogh of Dr. Paul Gachet, who took care of him in his last months. In 1990, it fetched a record price of  82.5 million ( 75 million, plus a 10 percent buyer's commission).[45]

Dr. Gachet was also an artist of the Impressionist era. He was an amateur painter and engraver. Vincent van Gogh went to the doctor for medical care. Van Gogh saw himself in the doctor; like himself, he saw in Dr. Gachet  the heart-broken expression of our time.  Similar to many of van Gogh s portraits, the painting is a study not of the physical features of the man, but of the inner qualities of the doctor s personality. The portrait of Dr. Gachet notes all the tiniest details of his appearance and depicts them in the way that van Gogh sees them. The characteristics of the doctor s image are all freely painted so that the viewer may see them the same way that van Gogh does.


Paul-Ferdinand Gachet, 1890
Oil on canvas, 68 x 57 cm
Mus e d'Orsay, Paris
 

Marguerite Gachet, 1890
Oil on canvas, 102 x 50 cm
Kunstmuseum, Basel
 

Marguerite Gachet in the Garden 1890 Mus e d'Orsay, Paris, France (F756)
Adeline Ravoux[edit]

Portrait of Adeline Ravoux (Half-Figure)
1890
Private Collection (F768)
Portrait of Adeline Ravoux was painted by Dutch post-impressionist artist Vincent van Gogh in 1890.

The twelve-year-old Adeline Ravoux was the daughter of Arthur-Gustave Ravoux, whose inn is where Van Gogh lodged in Auvers-sur-Oise. She later wrote a memoir of Van Gogh's stay with them. She witnessed Van Gogh's return to the inn after the fatal incident where he shot himself: "Vincent walked bent, holding his stomach, again exaggerating his habit of holding one shoulder higher than the other. Mother asked him: " M. Vincent, we were anxious, we are happy to see you to return; have you had a problem " He replied in a suffering voice: "No, but I have " he did not finish, crossed the hall, took the staircase and climbed to his bedroom. I was witness to this scene. Vincent made on us such a strange impression that Father got up and went to the staircase to see if he could hear anything."[46] See also Paintings of Children (Van Gogh series).

A sheet of figure studies F1652r has at its upper left the profile of a young girl recognizably Adeline Ravoux. The young girl seen from behind to the left is assumed to be her as well. She is thought to appear in a number of other paintings, including especially F819 Two Ladies Walking in a Landscape. The sheet fetched  4480,000 at a Christie's sale in 2007.[47] [48]




Portrait of Adeline Ravoux
June 1890
Private collection (F769)
 

Portrait of Adeline Ravoux
June 1890
Cleveland Museum of Art, Cleveland, Ohio (F768)
 

Sheet with Many Sketches of Figures
July 1890
Private collection (F1652r)
Child with Orange[edit]
See also Paintings of Children (Van Gogh series).


Child with Orange, June July 1890, Private Collection (F785)
Girl in White[edit]
Main article: Girl in White
Girl in White also known as Young Girl Standing Against a Background of Wheat and Woman in a Cornfield was painted by Vincent van Gogh in 1890 in Auvers-sur-Oise, France during the last months of his life. Girl in White has been part of the Chester Dale Collection in the National Gallery of Art, Washington D.C. since 1963.

Girl in White by Vincent Van Gogh - NGA.jpg
Little Arlesienne[edit]
The Little Arlesienne (Head of a Girl) is found at the Kr ller-M ller Museum. See also Paintings of Children (Van Gogh series).


The Little Arlesienne (Head of a Girl)
1890
Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F518)
Young Peasant Woman with Straw Hat[edit]
Main article: Peasant Woman Against a Background of Wheat
Peasant Woman Against a Background of Wheat is an 1890 painting by Vincent van Gogh. Van Gogh went on to paint several versions of this painting. The painting has changed hands several times. In 1997, Stephen Wynn paid  47.5 million for the painting. On October 7, 2005, it was announced that Stephen Wynn had sold the painting along with Gauguin's Bathers to Steven A. Cohen for more than  100 million.


Young Peasant Woman with Straw Hat Sitting in the Wheat
June 1890
Private Collection (F774)
Two Children[edit]
Two Young Girls, also called Two Children is owned by Mus e d'Orsay, Paris. Another version of Two Children is part of a private collection (F784). See also Paintings of Children (Van Gogh series).


Two Young Girls or Two Children, 1890, Mus e d'Orsay, Paris, France (F783)
 

Two Children, 1890, Private Collection (F784)
Young Man with Cornflower[edit]
The Young Man with Cornflower was made in June 1890 in Auvers. See also Paintings of Children (Van Gogh series).


Young Man with Cornflower
June 1890
Private collection, (F787)
Portraits of Vincent van Gogh
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Self-portraits by Vincent van Gogh)

Vincent van Gogh, Self-portrait without beard, end September 1889, (F 525), Oil on canvas, 40   31 cm., Private collection. This may have been Van Gogh's last self-portrait. Given as a birthday gift to his mother. (See Remarks below)[1]
This article refers to self portraits and portraits of Vincent van Gogh (1853 1890). It includes self-portraits, portraits of him by other artists, and photographs, one of which is dubious. Van Gogh's dozens of self-portraits were an important part of his oeuvre as a painter. Most probably, Van Gogh's self-portraits are depicting the face as it appeared in the mirror he used to reproduce his face, i.e. his right side in the image is in reality the left side of his face.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Periods
1.1 Paris 1886
1.2 Paris 1887
1.3 Arles
1.4 Saint-R my
1.5 Auvers-sur-Oise
2 Remarks
3 Provenances
4 Scandals
5 Fakes
6 Portraits of Vincent van Gogh by other artists
7 Photographs and supposed photographs
8 Resources
8.1 Notes
8.2 References
9 External links
Periods[edit]
Paris 1886[edit]
The first self-portrait by Van Gogh that survived, is dated 1886.


Two Self-Portraits and Several Details, Drawing, Paris, 1886
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F1378r)
 

Self-Portrait with Dark Felt Hat at the Easel, 1886
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F181)
 

Self-Portrait with Pipe, 1886
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F208)
 

Self-Portrait with Pipe, 1886
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F180)
 

Self-Portrait with Dark Felt Hat, 1886
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F208a)
 

Self-Portrait, Autumn 1886, Paris
Gemeentemuseum Den Haag, The Hague (F187v)
 

Self-Portrait, Winter 1886/87
Wadsworth Atheneum, Hartford (F 268)
 

Self-Portrait, Winter 1886/87
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F 269v)
 

Self-Portrait, Winter 1886/87
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F 267)
 

Self-Portrait, Winter 1886/87
Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo (F 380)
 

Self-Portrait, 1887
Oil on pasteboard, 42 cm x 34 cm
Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam (F295)
Paris 1887[edit]

Portrait of Theo, March or April 1887, (once considered Self-Portrait with Straw Hat), re-attributed in 2011 by the Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F294)[citation needed]

Self-Portrait with Pipe and Glass, 1887
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F263a)
 

Self-Portrait with Grey Felt Hat, March/April 1887
Oil on pasteboard, 19   14 cm
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F296)
 

Self-Portrait, Spring 1887
Oil on pasteboard, 42   33.7 cm
Art Institute of Chicago (F 345)
 

Self-Portrait with Straw Hat, Summer 1887
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F469)
 

Self-Portrait with Straw Hat (reverse image), 1887
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F61v)
 

Self-Portrait with Straw Hat, Summer 1887
Oil on pasteboard, 24.9   26.7 cm
Detroit Institute of Arts (F526)
 

Self-Portrait with Straw Hat, 1887
Metropolitan Museum of Art (F365v)
 

Self-Portrait with Straw Hat and a Pipe (reverse image), 1887
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F179v)
 

Self-Portrait,Summer 1887
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F 356)
 

Self-Portrait, Summer 1887, Paris
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F77v)
 

Self-Portrait, Summer 1887, Paris
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F109v)
 

Self-Portrait, Autumn 1887
Oil on canvas, 47   35 cm
Mus e d'Orsay, Paris (F320)
 

Self-Portrait with Japanese print December, 1887
Kunstmuseum, Basel (on loan from Emily Dreyfus Foundation) (F319)
 

Self-Portrait with Grey Felt Hat, Winter 1887/88
Oil on canvas, 44   37.5 cm
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F344)
 

Self-Portrait, 1887-88, (F1672a)
 

Self-Portrait, 1887-88
Foundation E.G. B hrle Collection, Z rich (F366)
 

Self-Portrait as a Painter, December 1887 - February 1888, Oil on canvas, 65.1 cm   50 cm
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F522)
Arles[edit]

Painter on his way to work: Vincent van Gogh on the road to Montmajour
August 1888 (F 448)
Oil on canvas, 48   44 cm
formerly Kaiser-Friedrich-Museum, Magdeburg, believed to have been destroyed by fire in World War II

Self-Portrait with Pipe and Straw Hat, Summer 1888
Oil on pasteboard, 42   31 cm
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F524)
 

Self-portrait dedicated to Paul Gauguin, September 1888
Oil on canvas, 62   52 cm
Fogg Art Museum, Cambridge, MA (F476 - see Provenances below)
 

Self-portrait, Arles, November/December 1888
Private collection (F501)
 

Self-portrait with Bandaged Ear, January 1889
Oil on canvas, 51   45 cm
Private Collection (F529)
 

Self-portrait with Bandaged Ear, Easel and Japanese Print, January 1889
Oil on canvas, 60   49 cm
Courtauld Institute Galleries, London (F527)
Saint-R my[edit]
All Self-Portraits executed in Saint-R my show the artist's head from the left, i.e. the side with ear not mutilated.

 A portrait of Vincent van Gogh from the left (good ear) holding a palette with brushes.  He is wearing a blue cloak and has yellow hair and beard. The background is a deep violet.
Self-Portrait, August 1889
Oil on canvas, 57   43,5 cm
National Gallery of Art, Washington D.C. (F626, JH1770) [2][3][4][5]
 

Self-Portrait, September 1889
Oil on canvas, 65   54 cm
Mus e d'Orsay, Paris. This may have been Van Gogh's last self-portrait.[6] (F627 - see Remarks below)
 

Self-portrait without beard, end September 1889
Oil on canvas, 40   31 cm
Private collection. Another contender for being Van Gogh's last self-portrait (F525 - see Remarks below).
Auvers-sur-Oise[edit]
No self-portraits were executed by Van Gogh in Auvers-sur-Oise, during the final weeks of his life.

Remarks[edit]
F208a: Self-Portrait with Dark Felt Hat is amongst the earliest of Vincent's self-portraits. It was discovered late in the family collection and was not exhibited before 1945. Opinions differ about the date and place of its execution. De la Faille thought it painted in Antwerp before 1886, while Hulsker thought it painted in Paris in spring 1886. Hendriks and Tilborgh opt for autumn 1886, based on its resemblance to Vincent's work that winter when he began to embrace Neo-impressionism. X-ray analysis reveals a nude figure study below. Since students did not work from the nude model at Antwerp, this places the painting as executed in Paris where Vincent had enrolled in Fernand Cormon's atelier. There is no other work in Vincent's oeuvre which complements this portrait, which has led to some authors such as Dorn questioning its authenticity.[7] However Hendriks and Tilborgh are satisfied that the painting is consistent with others executed at the beginning and end of Vincent's first year in Paris.[8] Marc Edo Tralbaut, Vincent's principal biographer, especially valorised the portrait, selecting it for the dust-jacket of his biography and stating that Vincent had laid himself bare for the portrait.[9] Tralbaut notes that Vincent painted a number of self-portraits at this time, possibly because of his difficulty in getting models to sit for him. He was in poor health and his teeth were falling out, prompting him to grow a moustache to conceal them. At this time he was wearing city-clothes in an effort to stress his middle-class background as he strove to establish a conventional career for himself as an artist.
F627: This painting may have been van Gogh's last self-portrait, which he gave to his brother.[6]
F525: This painting may have been van Gogh's last self-portrait, which he gave to his mother as a birthday gift.[1][10] Van Gogh painted Self-Portrait without beard just after he had shaved himself (Hulsker thought it painted in Arles following his admission to hospital after mutilating his ear when he was also shaved, as can be seen in the "bandaged ear" portraits F527 and F529). The painting can be seen in the third (smaller) version of Bedroom in Arles at the Mus e d'Orsay. The self-portrait is one of the most expensive paintings of all time, selling for  71.5 million in 1998 in New York. At the time, it was the third (or an inflation-adjusted fourth) most expensive painting ever sold.
Provenances[edit]

A confiscated self-portrait [Self-portrait dedicated to Paul Gauguin, September 1888], by Vincent van Gogh is auctioned at Gallerie Fisher, Lucerne, in 1939. The winning bid was  US 40.000 by Dr. Frankfurter.[11]
F476: Vincent van Gogh, Arles, (1888,) gift; to Paul Gauguin, (1888-1897) sold. [Ambroise Vollard, Paris.] [Paul Cassirer Gallery, Berlin.] Dr. Hugo von Tschudi, Berlin, (1906-1911), by descent; to his widow, Angela von Tschudi, Munich (1911-1919), to Neue Staatsgalerie, (1919-1939) sold; [Entartete Kunst sale, 1939, Fischer Gallery, Lucerne,Switzerland, no. 45]; to Maurice Wertheim (1939-1951) bequest; to Fogg Art Museum, 1951. Notes: Gauguin sold the painting for Fr 300, Hugo von Tschudi bought the painting for the Nationalgalerie, Berlin, with funds from sponsors, but did not submit it to the Kaiser for pre-approval. He took the painting to Munich when he assumed post there.[12]
Scandals[edit]
During the Third Reich regime in Germany, Vincent van Gogh paintings were stolen and/or destroyed by German authorities including the self-portrait [Self-portrait dedicated to Paul Gauguin, September 1888], depicted in the black and white picture.

Fakes[edit]

Self-Portrait,   l'oreille mutil , 1889  (F 528)
Oil on canvas, 40   31 cm
National Gallery, Oslo
Almost at the same time as when his Catalogue raisonn  was published, Jacob Baart de la Faille had to admit that he had included paintings emerging from dubious sources, and of dubious quality. Little later, in 1930, De la Faille rejected some thirty odd paintings, which he had originally included in his Catalogue raisonn  - together with a hundred of others he had already excluded: Self-portraits - and Sunflowers - held a prominent place in the set he now rejected. In 1970, the editor's of De la Faille's posthumous manuscript brand marked most of these dubious Self-portraits as forgeries,[13] but could not settle all disputes, at least on one:

The Selfportrait 'a l' stampe japonais', then in the collection of William Goetz, Los Angeles, was included, though all editors refused its authenticity.[14]
Meanwhile, the authenticity of a second "self-portrait" has been challenged:

The Selfportrait, '  l'oreille mutil ', acquired in 1910 for the Nasjonalgalleriet, Oslo, has been unanimously rejected by recent scholars and technical researchers for decades, until provenance research by staff members now reported pro domo the contrary.[15] The debate is on-going.
Portraits of Vincent van Gogh by other artists[edit]

John Peter Russell, 1886, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam
 

Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, 1887, pastel on cardboard, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam
 

Paul Gauguin, 1888, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam
Photographs and supposed photographs[edit]

Photograph of Vincent van Gogh, age 13, 1866 [16]
 

Photograph of Vincent van Gogh, age 19, ca. 1873 [17]
 

Photo by Victor Morin, c. 1886, Brussels. Discovered in the early 1990s, experts disagree whether or not it is Vincent van Gogh.[18]
Resources[edit]
Due to the considerable number of self-portraits by Van Gogh's, for a valid identification reference is to the numbers of Jacob Baart de la Faille's Catalogue raisonn  (1928 & 1970) (F) or to Jan Hulsker's updated compilation (1978, revised 1989) (JH).

Notes[edit]
^ Jump up to: a b Pickvance (1986), 131
Jump up ^ "Vincent van Gogh - Self-portrait". Online catalogue. National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC.
Jump up ^ "To Theo van Gogh. Saint-R my-de-Provence, Thursday, 5 and Friday, 6 September 1889". Vincent van Gogh: The Letters. Van Gogh Museum. Note 4. Retrieved 26 February 2012. People say   and I m quite willing to believe it   that it's difficult to know oneself ...
Jump up ^ "To Theo van Gogh. Saint-R my-de-Provence, on or about Friday, 20 September 1889". Vincent van Gogh: The Letters. Van Gogh Museum. Note 14. Retrieved 26 February 2012. I have another one which is an attempt from when I was ill.
Jump up ^ "To Willemien van Gogh. Saint-R my-de-Provence, Thursday, 19 September 1889". Vincent van Gogh: The Letters. Van Gogh Museum. Note 16. Retrieved 26 February 2012. Lately I ve done two portraits of myself, one of which is quite in character, I think, ...
^ Jump up to: a b Walther 2000, p. 74.
Jump up ^ Dorn 2005 pp. 19,21
Jump up ^ Hendriks, Tilborgh 2011 pp. 271-3
Jump up ^ Tralbaut 1961. pp. 188-89
Jump up ^ "To Theo van Gogh. Saint-R my-de-Provence, Saturday, 28 September 1889". Vincent van Gogh: The Letters. Van Gogh Museum. 1r:1. ... a little portrait of me.
Jump up ^ Hammerstingl, Werner (1998). "Entartete Kunst", olinda.com. Retrieved December 31, 2007.
Jump up ^ "Fogg Museum collection". Harvardartmuseums.org. Retrieved 2012-06-13.
Jump up ^ De la Faille 1970, nos. CHK
Jump up ^ De la Faille 1970, no. 476a: inscribed  tude   la bougie
Jump up ^ Marit Ingeborg Lange: The provenance of Vincent van Gogh's 'Self-portrait' in Oslo, Burlington Magazine CXLVIII/1235, February 2006, p.113-116
Jump up ^ VG Gallery
Jump up ^ letters
Jump up ^ USA Today
Trees and Undergrowth (Van Gogh series)
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

Trees and Undergrowth, 1887, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F307)
Trees and Undergrowth is the subject of paintings that Vincent van Gogh made in Paris, Saint-R my and Auvers, from 1887 through 1890. Before becoming an artist Van Gogh wrote romantically about ivy, whether climbing up the walls of a cottage or catching rays of sunshine through trees on the forest floor. His letters evoked and made reference to a favored Charles Dickens poem, "Ivy Green". Van Gogh made several paintings of undergrowth, a genre called "sous-bois" brought into prominence by artists of the Barbizon School and Impressionists. The works from this series successfully use shades of color and light in the forest or garden interior paintings. Van Gogh selected one of his Saint-R my paintings, Ivy (F609) for the Brussels Les XX exhibition in 1890.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Sous-bois genre
2 Paris
3 Saint-R my
4 Auvers
5 Dickens "Ivy Green"
6 References
Sous-bois genre[edit]

Marie-Ferdinand de Dartein, Sous-bois   Ottrott, 1875
The woodland scene genre, or "sous-bois" in French for undergrowth, was popular with artists from the Barbizon School and Impressionists.[1]

Rather than painting landscapes from afar like traditional painters, 19th century rural painters climbed or walked into forested areas for a close view of wooded scenes. Paintings of the sous-bois, evoking the trees and grassy undergrowth, were often made vertically on canvas, as opposed to horizontal views of sweeping landscapes. In a sous-bois, the sky is barely visible, just a glimpse of sky sometimes penetrating the branches. This type of composition was rare before the 19th century when artists of the Barbizon School made paintings of forested areas in the Fontainebleau region of France. Close to the subject of the painting, artists painting sous-bois capture their experience in the forested scene. In German, the painting of interior forests was called Waldinners, meaning enclosed woodland space.[2]

Paris[edit]

Trees and Undergrowth, 1887, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F309a)
In Trees and Undergrowth (F309a) Van Gogh portrays the play of light falling through the trees to the low-lying plants in highlights of white, yellow and red. The effect of the light and shade produces many shades of green which Van Gogh paints in short brushstrokes across the canvas. A horizon line is suggested by a line of yellow, suggesting a clearing beyond the cropping of trees and foliage.[1]


Undergrowth, 1887, Centraal Museum, Utrecht, Netherlands (F306)
 

Undergrowth, 1887, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F308)
 

Path in the Woods, 1887, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F309)
Saint-R my[edit]
Main article: Saint-Paul Asylum, Saint-R my (Van Gogh series)

Undergrowth with Ivy
July, 1889
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F745)
Van Gogh explored the grounds of the asylum where he found an overgrown garden. He wrote, "Since I have been here, I have had enough work with the overgrown garden with its large pine trees, under which there grows tall and poorly-tended grass, mixed with all kinds of periwinkle." The paintings are of growth below ivy covered trees.[3]

Van Gogh Museum says of Undergrowth with Ivy (F745): "The effect of light and shade created an almost abstract pattern, with small arcs of paint covering the entire surface of the canvas."[3] The second Undergrowth with Ivy painting (F746), also of undergrowth beneath trees, is made with small brushstrokes to create a blurred image that also shows the effect of light shining through the shaded trees.[4]

Ivy, originally Le Lierre is a painting Van Gogh made May 1889.[5] He incorporated the first version in his selection of works to be displayed at Les XX, Brussels, in 1890.[6]


Undergrowth with Ivy
July, 1889
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F746)
 

Tree Trunks with Ivy
1889
Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F747)
 

Ivy (Corner in the Garden of Saint-Paul Hospital), 1889, 92 x 72 cm, Location unknown (F609)
Van Gogh's brother Theo van Gogh (art dealer) was quite impressed with his undergrowth, or sous-bois, paintings and that Ivy (F609) of this series was included in Van Gogh's list of works to show at the Brussels Les XX in 1890. The same painting was on exhibit in Paris by P re Tanguy, who felt he would very likely sell it.[7]

Auvers[edit]
In 1975 wax was applied on the back of Undergrowth with Two Figures painting to "protect the canvas and secure the paint." Over more than three decades the wax has turned milky and the painting has lost its gloss. An art historian at the Cincinnati Art Museum is restoring the work, a painstaking process with a solvent to gently loosen and a Q-tip to remove the wax. A microscope is used see the detail.[8]


Undergrowth with Two Figures, 1890, Cincinnati Art Museum, Cincinnati, Ohio (F773)[9]
Dickens "Ivy Green"[edit]

Path of trees with ivy undergrowth, photograph
Whether describing ivy crawling up a home - or lit by rays of sun beneath trees, Van Gogh enjoyed ivy and referred to Charles Dickens' poem about ivy in his early letters.[10]

"The Ivy Green" by Charles Dickens[11]
Oh, a dainty plant is the Ivy green, That creepeth o'er ruins old! Of right choice food are his meals, I ween, In his cell so lone and cold. The wall must be crumbled, the stone decayed, To pleasure his dainty whim: And the mouldering dust that years have made Is a merry meal for him. Creeping where no life is seen, A rare old plant is the Ivy green.
Fast he stealeth on, though he wears no wings, And a staunch old heart has he. How closely he twineth, how tight he clings To his friend the huge Oak Tree! And slyly he traileth along the ground, And his leaves he gently waves, As he joyously hugs and crawleth round The rich mould of dead men's graves. Creeping where grim death hath been, A rare old plant is the Ivy green.
Whole ages have fled and their works decayed, And nations have scattered been; But the stout old Ivy shall never fade, From its hale and hearty green. The brave old plant, in its lonely days, Shall fatten upon the past: For the stateliest building man can raise Is the Ivy's food at last. Creeping on where time has been, A rare old plant is the Ivy green.
The Trees and Undergrowth or sous-bois series of works he made in Paris and Saint-R my pay homage to Van Gogh's early letters about ivy.[12]

References[edit]
^ Jump up to: a b "Trees and Undergrowth, 1887". Permanent Collection. Van Gogh Museum. 2005 2011. Retrieved 2011-05-20.
Jump up ^ L bbren, N (2001). Rural artists' colonies in Europe, 1870-1910. Manchester: Manchester University Press. pp. 85, 90. ISBN 0-7190-5866-X.
^ Jump up to: a b "Undergrowth, 1889". Permanent Collection. Van Gogh Museum. 2005 2011. Retrieved 2011-04-25.
Jump up ^ "Undergrowth, 1889". Permanent Collection. Van Gogh Museum. 2005 2011. Retrieved 2011-04-25.
Jump up ^ "Corner in the Garden of Saint-Paul Hospital". Van Gogh Gallery. 2011. Retrieved 2011-05-19.
Jump up ^ "Theo van Gogh. Letter to Vincent van Gogh. Written 8 December 1889 in Saint-R my.". WebExhibits.org. Retrieved 2011-05-19.
Jump up ^ Harrison, R, ed. (2011). "Letter from Theo van Gogh to Vincent van Gogh, Saint-R my, 8 December 1889". Van Gogh Letters. WebExhibits. Retrieved 2011-05-20.
Jump up ^ "Art Museum Lets Patrons Watch Painting's Restoration". WLMT Television (Cincinnati: Hearst Publications). 2011-05-23. Retrieved 2011-05-24.
Jump up ^ http://www.vangoghgallery.com/catalog/Painting/656/Undergrowth-with-Two-Figures.html
Jump up ^ Harrison, R, ed. (2011). "Vincent van Gogh. Letter to Theo van Gogh. Written 21 January 1877 in Dordrecht.". Van Gogh Letters. WebExhibits. Retrieved 2011-05-20' Van Gogh wrote 31 letters describing ivy and 43 articles about Dickens
Jump up ^ Dickens, C; Lang, A (1907). The Works of Charles Dickens 1. New York: Charles Scribner's. pp. 87 88.
Jump up ^ Van Gogh, V and Leeuw, R (1997) [1996]. van Crimpen, H, Berends-Albert, M, ed. The Letters of Vincent van Gogh. London and other locations: Penguin Books. p. 385.
Still life paintings by Vincent van Gogh (Paris)
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Van Gogh's artistic transition reflected in his still lifes (1886-1887)

Vase with Red Gladioli, 1886, Private collection (F247)
This painting represents some of Van Gogh's early Paris still life, where he introduced brighter, contrasting color.

Fritillaries in a Copper Vase, 1887, Mus e d'Orsay, Paris (F213)
This is an example of Van Gogh's integration of brighter, contrasting colors and Impressionist brushstroke techniques.
Main articles: Vincent van Gogh and Vincent van Gogh chronology
Still life paintings by Vincent van Gogh (Paris) is the subject of many drawings, sketches and paintings by Vincent van Gogh in 1886 and 1887 after he moved to Paris from the Netherlands. While in Paris, Van Gogh transformed the subjects, color and techniques that he used in creating still life paintings.

He saw the work and met the founders and key artists of Impressionism, Pointillism and other movements and began incorporating what he learned into his work. Japanese art, Ukiyo-e, and woodblock prints also influenced his approach to composition and painting.

There was a gradual change from the somber mood of his work in the Netherlands to a far more varied and expressive approach as he began introducing brighter color into his work. He painted many still life paintings of flowers, experimenting with color, light and techniques he learned from several different modern artists before moving on to other subjects.

By 1887 his work incorporated several elements of modern art as he began to approach his mature oeuvre. Excellent examples are the Pairs of Shoes paintings, where in the space of four paintings one can observe the difference between the first pair of boots made in 1886, similar to some of his earlier peasant paintings from Nuenen, to the painting made in 1887 that incorporates complimentary, contrasting colors and use of light. Another example are the Blue Vases paintings made in 1887 that incorporate both color and technique improvements that result in uplifting, colorful paintings of flowers.

With the spring of 1887 Van Gogh left the city proper for a visit to Asni res with his friend  mile Bernard. While there his work was further transformed stylistically and through the use of bright, contrasting color and light. See his works from Asni res and Seine.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Background
1.1 Netherlands
1.2 Modern art
1.2.1 Romanticism
1.2.2 Impressionism
1.2.3 Neo-impressionism
1.2.4 Cloisonnism
1.2.5 Post-impressionism
1.2.6 Japanese Ukiyo-e
1.3 Color theory and technique
1.4 Balls of yarn
1.5 Still life
2 Flowers
2.1 Carnations
2.2 Chrysanthemums
2.3 Fritillaries
2.4 Gladiola
2.5 Poppies
2.6 Roses
2.7 Sunflowers
2.8 Zinnias
2.9 Other flowers
2.10  Blue vase
3 Plants
4 Bulbs
5 Books
6 Pair of shoes
7 Food and drink
7.1 Fish or seafood
7.2 Assorted fruit
7.3 Apples
7.4 Lemons
8 How Van Gogh integrated modern art concepts
8.1 Impressionism
8.2 Color relationships
8.3 Light
9 Later in 1887
10  References
11  Bibliography
Background[edit]
See also: Still life paintings by Vincent van Gogh (Netherlands)
Netherlands[edit]
From 1880 to 1885 Van Gogh began working as an artist in earnest. He was influenced not only by the great Dutch masters but also to a considerable extent by his cousin-in-law Anton Mauve a Dutch realist painter and a leading member of the Hague School.[1]

Van Gogh's palette consisted mainly of dark earth tones, particularly dark brown. His brother Theo, an art dealer, commented that his work was too somber to be marketable and encouraged him to explore modern art, particularly Impressionism for its bright, colorful paintings.[2]


A Girl in the Street, Two Coaches in the Background, 1882, Private collection (F13)
 

Still Life with Earthenware, Bottle and Clogs, 1885, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F63)
 

Head of a Peasant Woman with White Cap, 1885, National Gallery of Scotland, Edinburgh (F140)
Modern art[edit]
In 1886, Van Gogh left the Netherlands and traveled to Paris to explore emerging artistic movements under the guidance and continued support of his brother Theo van Gogh, an art dealer.[1] Surprised that Vincent had come to Paris unannounced, and in opposition to their conversations about timing of his arrival, Vincent stayed in Theo's apartment on Rue Laval until a larger apartment could be acquired.[3] For four months, Van Gogh studied with Fernand Cormon, painting plaster casts, live nude models and props available at Cormon's studio. Cormon also encouraged open-air painting. There me met Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec,  mile Bernard, and Louis Anquetin.[4] Through Theo and artistic social circles he also met Edgar Degas, Camille Pissarro,[5] Paul Signac, Georges Seurat,[6] and Paul Gauguin. Through the fellowship with these men, he was introduced to Impressionists, Symbolists, Pointillists, and Japanese art, Ukiyo-e, and woodcut prints.[1] In spite of his unusual manner, disheveled clothes and often time frightening manner, Paris was the one place where Van Gogh developed friendships with other artists. So much so that when Toulouse-Lautrec heard disparaging remarks against Van Gogh, he challenged the man to a duel.[7] Seeing and trading artwork with the Parisian avant-garde artists, Van Gogh understood what Theo had been trying to tell him for years about modern art.[8] He was able to experiment with each of the movements to develop his own style, becoming what some say is "one of the most important artists in modern art."[4]

Romanticism[edit]
Romanticism was an art and literature movement formed by people looking to escape the drab world. Its characteristics are paintings of "exotic lands" with grandiose feeling and intense color.[9] Adolphe Joseph Thomas Monticelli developed a highly individual Romantic style of painting with richly colored, dappled, and textured painting and glazed surfaces.[10] Monticelli was a French painter of the generation preceding the Impressionists who was friends with Narcisse Diaz, a member of the Barbizon school, and the two often painted together in the Fontainebleau Forest. Vincent van Gogh, greatly admired his work after seeing it in Paris when he arrived there in 1886.[11] Van Gogh was influenced by the richness that he perceived in Monticelli's work.[12] In 1890, Van Gogh and his brother Theo were instrumental in publishing the first book about Monticelli.[13][14]


Adolphe Joseph Thomas Monticelli, Still life with Sardines and Sea Urchins, 1880-1882, Dallas Museum of Art
 

Adolphe Joseph Thomas Monticelli, As You Like It, 1880, Phillips Collection, Washington, DC.
 

Adolphe Joseph Thomas Monticelli, La Reverence, Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes (Buenos Aires)
Impressionism[edit]
The Impressionism movement was a change from traditional artistic techniques. With Impressionism the intention was to depict colors and images the way they are seen, not the way that artists were taught to paint them. Aspects of Impressionism include using gleaming spots of light, color in shadows, colors straight from the tube in dots or dashes, and dissolving firm outlines.[15]


 douard Manet, Carnations and Clematis in a Crystal Vase, 1883, Mus e d'Orsay
 

Edgar Degas, Two Ironing Women, 1884, Mus e d'Orsay
 

Claude Monet, Still-Life with Anemones, 1885
Neo-impressionism[edit]
Van Gogh was influenced by Impressionists Edgar Degas and Claude Monet, but even more so by Neo-impressionist Georges Seurat, partly because of the use of dots of contrasting colors to intensify the image, a technique called Pointillism. Van Gogh likened painting with constructing small, thoughtfully placed dashes of color to writing "words in a speech or a letter".[16]


Georges Seurat, Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte, 1884 1886, The Art Institute of Chicago
 

Camille Pissarro, Shepherdess with Returning Sheep, 1886, Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art. One of Pissarro's first Pointillist paintings.
 

Paul Signac, The Town Beach, Collioure, 1887, Metropolitan Museum of Art New York City
 

Camille Pissarro, Children on a Farm, 1887
Cloisonnism[edit]
Cloisonnism is a style of Post-impressionist painting with bold and flat forms separated by dark contours. The term was coined by critic Edouard Dujardin on occasion of the Salon des Ind pendants, in March 1888.[17] Artists  mile Bernard, Louis Anquetin, Paul Gauguin, Paul S rusier, and others started painting in this style in the late 19th century. The name evokes the technique of cloisonn , where wires (cloisons or "compartments") are soldered to the body of the piece, filled with powdered glass, and then fired. Many of the same painters also described their works as Synthetism a closely related movement.[18]


Paul S rusier, The Talisman/Le Talisman, 1888, Mus e d'Orsay, Paris
 

 mile Bernard, Pardon at Pont-Aven, 1888
 

 mile Bernard, Portrait of a Boy in Hat, 1889, Mus e d'Art et d'Industrie de Roubaix.
Post-impressionism[edit]
Post-Impressionism is the term coined by the British artist and art critic Roger Fry in 1910 to describe the development of French art since Manet. Fry used the term when he organized the 1910 exhibition Manet and Post-Impressionism. Post-Impressionists extended Impressionism while rejecting its limitations: they continued using vivid colours, thick application of paint, distinctive brush strokes, and real-life subject matter, but they were more inclined to emphasize geometric forms, to distort form for expressive effect, and to use unnatural or arbitrary colour.[19]


Paul C zanne, Still life with Soup Tureen, 1884, Mus e d'Orsay
 

Paul Gauguin, Seaside II, 1887
 

Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, Vincent van Gogh, 1887, Van Gogh Museum
Japanese Ukiyo-e[edit]
Characteristic features of Ukiyo-e woodprints include their ordinary subject matter, the distinctive cropping of their compositions, bold and assertive outlines, absent or unusual perspective, flat regions of uniform colour, uniform lighting, absence of chiaroscuro, and their emphasis on decorative patterns.[20] One or more of these features can be found in numbers of Vincent's paintings from his Antwerp period onwards.[21][22] Van Gogh wrote, "If we study Japanese art, we see a man who is undoubtedly wise, philosophical and intelligent, who spends his time  studying a single blade of grass. But this blade of grass leads him to draw every plant, and then the seasons, the wide aspects of the countryside, then animals, then the human figure  isn t it almost a true religion which these simple Japanese teach us, who live in nature as though they themselves are flowers. And you cannot study Japanese art, it seems to me, without becoming much gayer and happier."[23]


Utagawa Hiroshige, The Intertwined Catalpa Trees at Azuma Grove, ca. 1856-58, Japanese Ukiyo-e, woodcut print
 

Utagawa Hiroshige, Evening Shower at Atake and the Great Bridge
 

Japonaiserie: Bridge in the Rain (after Hiroshige), by Vincent van Gogh, 1887, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F372)
Color theory and technique[edit]

"Chromatic diagram" based on the RYB color model, showing complementary colors and other relationships: # Complementary - Colors directly across from one another are complementary, or contrasting colors, which when placed side-by-side intensified the impact of each color (example: blue and yellow). # Harmonious - Colors next to another color on the color wheel are used together create a feeling of harmony (example: magenta, rose and red). # Trio - A set of three colors forming a triangle in the wheel, such as red, blue and green, make interesting color combinations.
One of the most transformational elements of Van Gogh's work during his period in Paris was his use of color. Van Gogh used complementary, contrasting colors to bring an intensity to his work. Two complementary colors of the same degree of vividness and brightness placed next to one another produce an intense reaction, called the "law of simultaneous contrast."[24]


Georges Seurat, Farm Girl Sitting in a Meadow, ca. 1882-1883, Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum
From his days in the Netherlands Van Gogh became familiar with Delacroix's color theory and was fascinated by color.[25] While in Nuenen Van Gogh became familiar with Michel Eug ne Chevreul's laws in weaving to maximize the intensity of colors through their contrast to adjacent colors.[26]

In Paris, Van Gogh eagerly studied Seurat's use of complementary colors. Excited to try out complementary studies, Van Gogh would divide a large canvas into several rectangular sections, trying out "all the colors of the rainbow."[25] There he was also exposed through his brother Theo to Adolphe Monticelli's still life work with flowers, which he admired. He saw Monticelli's use of color as an expansion of Delacroix's theories of color and contrast. He also admired the effect Monticelli created by heavy application of paint.[10]

In the still life series, particularly of flowers, Van Gogh experimented with color relationship, such as complementary, contrasting colors which are colors across from one another on the color wheel. A second color relationship, harmonious colors are colors adjacent to one another on the color wheel. He also used the trio of colors, where the relationship on the color wheel forms a triangle.

Balls of yarn[edit]
To help him choose colors for his studies, Van Gogh collected strands of different shades of yarn to experiment with color combinations. He rolled selected strands together into balls in combinations matching specific paintings, such as the yellow and ocher combinations found in Still Life with Quince Pears and Lemons (F383). The box and his sample balls of yarn have survived and are held by the Van Gogh Museum.[27]

Still life[edit]

Vase of Peonies, 1886, Private collection (F666a)
Soon after Van Gogh arrived in Paris he began painting still lifes with the goal of experimenting with contrasting colors. He wrote to a friend in England that his goal was to create "intense coloration, not gray harmony."[28]

His started with still lifes of flowers. At first his still lifes maintained the subdued tones that he used in the Netherlands. The more he became immersed in his painting, he continually added brighter colors to his work until he was using colors directly from the tube. Then he moved on to other subjects from everyday life that reflect his use of vivid colors and a free brushstroke.[29]

Van Gogh courted Agostina Segatori, the owner of the Caf  du Tambourin on the boulevard de Clichy, for a period of time and gave her paintings of flowers, "which would last for ever".[30]

The energy that Van Gogh put into his Still Life paintings is representative of his habit for "working systematically, concentrating on a theme until he had exhausted it."[31]

Flowers[edit]
Flowers were the subject of many of Van Gogh's paintings in Paris, due in great part to his regard for flowers. Knowing Van Gogh's interest in making still life paintings of flowers, friends and acquaintances in Paris sent bouquets of flowers weekly for his paintings.[32] He also purchased inexpensive bouquets himself, choosing flowers in a variety of types and colors for his paintings.[33] Many of his still life paintings of flowers reflect a sense of overabundance of European still lifes, where blossoms fill the canvas, blooms spill out of the vase or stems of flowers teeter on the edge of the vase.[34]

Van Gogh carefully studied the art of floral arranging, the works of Dutch masters, Japanese woodcut prints and Impressionist still life arrangements to master his paintings of flowers.[35] Expressing his enthusiasm for the subject and the number of paintings he completed in Paris, Van Gogh wrote to his sister Wil, "I painted almost nothing but flowers so I could get used to colors other than grey - pink, soft or bright green, light blue, violet, yellow, glorious red."[33] His expertise in color, composition, texture and placement may have made an impression on Constance Spry, a noted floral arranger who created guidelines for flower arranging as an art form. She learned a great deal about "structure, style, form, balance, harmony and rhythm" from studying the paintings by great masters of flowers.[35]

The longer he was in Paris, the more he had an Asian aesthetic for flowers. As he said to his brother Theo: "You will see that by making a habit of looking at Japanese pictures you will come to love to make up bouquets and do things with flowers all the more."[32]

Van Gogh had an agreement with the Agostina Segatori proprietress of Caf  du Tambourin, an establishment that catered to Montmartre artists, for meals in exchange for a few paintings each week. Soon the walls of the caf  were full of floral still life paintings.[36]

Carnations[edit]

Vase with Carnations, 1886, Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam (F245)

Vase with Carnations, 1886, Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen, Rotterdam, Netherlands (F220)
 

Vase with White and Red Carnations, 1886, Private collection (F236)
 

Vase with Carnations, 1886, Detroit Institute of Arts, Michigan (F243)
 

Vase with Carnations and Zinnias, 1886, Private collection (F259)
 

Vase with Red and White Carnation on a Yellow Background, 1886, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo (F327)
 

Vase of carnations and other flowers, 1886, Private collection (F596)
Chrysanthemums[edit]
Chrysanthemums, often depicted in Japanese woodcut prints, were painted by Impressionists primarily in floral arrangements. The most desired chrysanthemum was an autumn-blooming variety from Japan.[37]


Ginger Jar Filled with Chrysanthemums, 1886, Private collection (F198)
 

Bowl with Chrysanthemums, 1886, Private Collection (F217)
 

Chrysanthemums and Wild Flowers in a Vase, 1887, Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York (F588)
Fritillaries[edit]
Imperial Fritillaries in a Copper Vase (F213) reflects the influences of Neo-Impressionist Paul Signac. The background is painted with Pointillist brushwork. The painting was made with complementary, contrasting colors of blue and orange. Van Gogh was not a purist; he varied the shades of contrasting colors and chose subjects that he enjoyed, such as painting still lifes. Fritillary is a bulb that flowers in the spring with between three to ten flowers for each bulb. Imperial fritillaries, with an orange-red flower, were grown in French and Dutch gardens at the end of the 19th century.[30]


Fritillaries, 1886, Location unknown (F214)
 

Fritillaries in a Copper Vase, 1887, Mus e d'Orsay, Paris (F213)
Gladiola[edit]

Vase with Gladioli and Lilac, 1886, Private collection (F286a)
The Gladiolus, plural Gladioli, was one of Van Gogh's favorite flower. He especially enjoyed how they opened up like a fan after having been placed in a vase.[38] Because of their height, Van Gogh liked to use Gladioli to create triangular-structured compositions,[35] such as Vase with Gladioli and Carnation (F237) or an inverted triangle as in Vase with Gladioli and China Asters (F248a).


Vase with Red Gladioli, 1886, Private collection (F248)
 

Vase with Gladioli and China Asters, 1886, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F248a)
 

Vase with Red Gladioli, 1886, Mus e Jenisch, Vevey, Switzerland (F248b)
 

Vase with Gladioli and Carnations, 1886, Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen, Rotterdam (F237)
 

Vase with Gladioli and Carnations, 1886, Private collection (F242)
Poppies[edit]
Vase with Red Poppies (F279) is another illustration of how Van Gogh used red and green primary, complementary colors to make both colors appear more intense, set before a blue background. He paints pink in the unopened buds and sienna in the table.[39]


Vase with Red Poppies, 1886, Wadsworth Atheneum, Hartford (F279)
 

Poppy Flowers also Vase with Viscaria, 1886, Stolen August 2010 from Mohammed Mahmoud Khalil palace, Cairo (F324a)
 

Vase with Cornflowers and Poppies, 1887, Private collection (F324)
Roses[edit]
Van Gogh's paintings of rose, or any flowers, are evocative of his quote, "Ah, what portraits could be made from nature with photography and painting."[40]


Glass with Roses, 1886, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F218)
 

Bowl with Peonies and Roses, 1886, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F249)
 

White Vase with Roses and Other Flowers, 1886, Private collection (F258)
 

Still life with meadow flowers and roses, 1886, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands
Sunflowers[edit]
Main article: Sunflowers (series of paintings)
Two Cut Sunflowers (F375) is one of a sequence of four paintings that Van Gogh made in the summer of 1887. The first (Van Gogh Museum, F377) was a preparatory sketch. Paul Gauguin had the second and third Two Cut Sunflower paintings (F375, F376) and hung them proudly in his Paris apartment above his bed. In the mid-1890s he sold them to fund his trip to the South Seas. The image of the four sunflowers was made on a large canvas.[41]


Two Cut Sunflowers, 1887, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F377)
 

Two Cut Sunflowers, 1887, Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York (F375)
 

Two Cut Sunflowers, 1887, Kunstmuseum Bern, Switzerland (F376)
 

Four Sunflowers Gone to Seed, 1887, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F452)
Zinnias[edit]
Vase with Zinnias and Geraniums (F241) reflects the influence of Adolphe Monticelli (1824 1886) in its vivid color and impasto paint. Van Gogh admired, and later collected, Monticelli's work.[42] Van Gogh had been introduced by his brother Theo to Monticelli's still life work with flowers in Paris. He admired Monticelli's use of color as an expansion of Delacroix's theories of color and contrast. Secondly he admired the effect Monticelli created by heavy application of paint called "impasto". It was partially Monticelli, from Marseilles, who inspired Van Gogh's southerly move to Provence in 1888. He felt such kinship for the man, and desire to emulate his style, that he wrote in a letter to his sister Wil that he felt as if he were "Monticelli's son or his brother."[10] The first owner in the provenance of this painting is "C.M. van Gogh Gallery, Amsterdam, The Netherlands", which was owned by Van Gogh's uncle and an art dealer, Cornelius Marinus van Gogh (1824 1908).[42]

Bowl with Zinnias and Other Flowers (F251), painted within days of Vase with Zinnias and Geraniums (F241), is evidence of Van Gogh's transition to a lighter color palette. Picking up elements of Impressionism Van Gogh painted with a more vigorous brushstroke, with thick application of paint, called "impasto" which created a three-dimensional relief.[32][43]<


Vase with Zinnias and Geraniums, 1886, National Gallery of Canada, Ottawa, Canada (F241)
 

Bowl with Zinnias and Other Flowers also Vase with Zinnias and Other Flowers, 1886, National Gallery of Canada, Ottawa, Canada (F251)
 

Vase with Zinnias, 1886, Kreeger Museum, Washington D.C. (F252)
Other flowers[edit]
Unable to pay for models to pose for portraits, Van Gogh threw himself heartily into painting still lifes of flowers, "red poppies, blue corn flowers and myosotis, white and red roses, yellow chrysanthemums."[44]


Bowl with Sunflowers, Roses and Other Flowers, 1886, Kunsthalle Mannheim, Mannheim, Germany (F250)
Vase with Autumn Asters (F234) is one example of the many still lifes that Van Gogh painted after he arrived in Paris. As he said to a friend, he wished for his paintings to take on intense colors, rather than the grey tones.[28] In this arrangement Van Gogh plays with harmonizing colors: rose, pink, red and brown.[45]

Basket of pansies (F244) is an example of Van Gogh's experimentation with contrasting colors. In this case the contrasting pair are purple and yellow.[46] He also used the contrasting red in the tambourine and green in the background for the painting, also known as Tambourine with Pansies. Van Gogh found pansies an example of natural color theory.[33]

Vase with Hollyhocks (F235) was painted in the summer in contrasting shades of red and green. Van Gogh believed that he could express the season of the year by the colors that he used in his work. He experimented in this painting with creating an image that was nearly one-dimensional. The decorative jug used in this painting also appears in Van Gogh's Vase with Autumn Asters (F234).[33] Hollyhocks, native to China and Japan, were favored by Impressionists "for their spire-like growth, deeply-lobed green leaves and their satiny, cup-shaped flowers that hug the upper flower stem."[37]


Still Life with a Bouquet of Daisies, 1886, Philadelphia Museum of Art (F197)
 

Glass with Hellebores, 1886, Private collection (F199)
 

Vase with Autumn Asters also Vase with Asters and Phlox, 1886, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F234)
 

Vase with Hollyhocks, 1886, Kunsthaus Z rich (F235)
 

Vase with Myosotis and Peonies, 1886, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F243a)
 

Basket of Pansies on a Small Table, (Tambourine with Pansies), 1886, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F244)
 

Vase of white carnations and roses and bottle, 1886, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo (F246)
 

Vase with cornflowers and poppies, peonies and chrysanthemums, 1886, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo (F278)
 

Vase with Asters, Salvia and Other Flowers, 1886, Gemeentemuseum Den Haag, The Hague, Netherlands(F286)
 

Lilacs, 1887, Hammer Museum, Los Angeles (286b)
 

Still Life with Scabiosa and Ranunculus, 1886, Private collection (F666)
Blue vase[edit]

Vase with Daisies and Anemones, 1887, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo (F323)
Vase with Daisies and Anemones (F323), also known as Flowers in a Blue Vase, was painted late in Van Gogh's stay in Paris. The vase holds a lively selection of daisies and anemones made with a range of colors. Dark red-brown is enlivened by shades of yellow, pink and white. He particularly works with the various shades of yellow, likely having selected colors for the combinations of color and shades that he wanted to portray. The vase is painted in a contrasting shade of blue. Techniques of Impressionism and Divisionism are reflected in his brushstrokes of the background, having used broken strokes and dots of color.[47]


Vase with Lilacs, Daisies and Anemones, 1887, Mus e d'Art et d'Histoire (Geneva) (F322)
 

Flowers in a Blue Vase, 1887, Private collection (no F#, Add20)
Plants[edit]
Van Gogh preferred to select items from daily life to portray in his still life paintings. With Flowerpot with Chives (F337) Van Gogh used a thin brush to carefully create this painting of a pot of chives. Contrasting colors of red and orange against green are used in this work. The background is a pattern that Van Gogh used in other works,[48] such as Still life with Carafe and Lemons (F340).[49] From the time this painting was made in 1887 and forward, Van Gogh used colorful backgrounds for his still lifes and portraits.[48]


Geranium in a Flowerpot, 1886, Private collection (F201)
 

Coleus Plant in a Flowerpot, 1886, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F281)
 

Cineraria in a Flowerpot, 1886, Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen, Rotterdam, Netherlands (F282)
 

Flowerpot with Chives, 1887, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F337)
Bulbs[edit]

Still Life with a Basket of Crocuses, 1887, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F334)
 

Basket of Sprouting Bulbs, 1887, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F336)
Books[edit]
Still Life with French Novels and a Rose is a painting with a number of novels with bindings of contrasting colors: green against pink and red. The books are meant to represent seven Parisian novels Van Gogh owned,[50] that Van Gogh described as "a great source of light", regardless of the somber literature they contain. The dashes of lemon, pink, orange and green seem to bring life to the books, like the blossoming flower that[51] also adds a feeling that the paintings is made for a woman. In 1888 Van Gogh gave this painting and another to his sister, Wil for her birthday. The other painting was made in Arles and is titled Blossoming Almond Branch in a Glass with a Book (F393).[50]

Still Life with Books (F335) was painted by Van Gogh on a lid of a Japanese tea box. The books are Naturalist novels: "Braves Gens" by Jean Richepin, "Au Bonheur Des Dames" by  mile Zola and "La Fille Elisa" by Edmond de Goncourt. Van Gogh, an avid reader, was particularly interested by French Naturalists. To his sister Wil, he once wrote "they paint life as we ourselves feel it, thereby fulfilling the need we have for people to tell us the truth."[52]


Still Life with Three Books, 1887, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F335)
 

Still Life with Piles of French Novels and a Glass with a Rose (Romans Parisiens), 1887, Private Collection, Switzerland (F359)
 

Still Life with Plaster Statuette, a Rose and Two Novels, 1887, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo (F360)
Pair of shoes[edit]
Van Gogh made Pair of Shoes (F255) from a pair of boots he purchased at a flea market. He wore the boots on an extended rainy walk to create the effect he wished for this painting, which may have been a tribute to the working man. The Van Gogh Museum speculates that they may also be symbolic for Van Gogh of his "difficult passage through life."[53] Of his walking through mud to make the shoes look more worn and dirty, Van Gogh was known to say "Dirty shoes and roses can both be good in the same way."[54]

Van Gogh's friend and fellow artist, John Peter Russell, received Van Gogh's Three Pairs of Shoes (F332) in 1886. Russell had painted a portrait of Van Gogh that he dearly loved. In exchange for the portrait he had given Van Gogh, Russell selected Three Pairs of Shoes and a lithograph copy of Worn Out (Eternity's Gate) (F997) that Van Gogh made in 1882. Russell selected these works at a time when Van Gogh had begun to make more colorful work. Russell's selections indicate that he understood who Van Gogh was and the messages about the peasant or working man that he wished to convey through his work.[55]


A Pair of Shoes, 1886, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F255)
 

A Pair of Shoes, 1886, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F331)
 

Three Pairs of Shoes, 1886, Fogg Art Museum, Harvard University, Cambridge (F332)
 

A Pair of Boots, 1887, Baltimore Museum of Art, Baltimore, Maryland (F333)
Food and drink[edit]

Still Life with Glass of Absinthe and a Carafe, 1887, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F339)
Glass of Absinthe and a Carafe (F339) was made by Van Gogh in a caf . On the table sits a glass of absinthe, its green-yellow liquid lighter for window's sunlight and in contrast to the brown background. The painting catches a moment in the caf  from a patron's perspective, with a view of pedestrians walking on the street. Absinthe was popular to Van Gogh and other artists both as a drink, although toxic and in some cases deadly, and because of its unique color, it was also favored as a subject for paintings.[56]

Absinthe may have significantly contributed to Van Gogh's poor health. When he lived in Paris, absinthe was a popular drinks among artists.[57] Paul Signac commented that Van Gogh drank steadily drinks of brandy following drinks of absinthe.[58] By the time Van Gogh left Paris he was in very poor health and known to say to a friend that drinking and smoking left him "seriously sick at heart and in body and nearly an alcoholic."[57] According to author Doris Lanier, author of "Absinthe the Cocaine of the Nineteenth Century": Many of Van Gogh's symptoms following his arrival in Paris are indicative of absinthe poisoning: stomach and nervous system problems, hallucinations and convulsions.[58]


Still Life with Apple, Meat, and Bread Rolls, 1886, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo (F219)
 

Still Life with Meat, Vegetables and Pottery, 1886, Private collection (F1670)
 

Still Life with Red Cabbages and Onions, 1887, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F374)
 

Still life with bottle, two glasses, cheese and bread, 1886, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F253)
Fish or seafood[edit]

Still Life with Mussels and Shrimps, 1886, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F256)
Anecdotally, one cold Parisian day Van Gogh, dressed more like a cattle drover than an urban artist, peddled a painting of pink shrimp on pink paper to a shopkeeper who sold old ironworks and inexpensive oil paintings. Out of charity, the man gave the hungry Van Gogh five francs (less than a dollar). Out on the street, Van Gogh saw a prostitute who had recently escaped from Prison Saint-Lazare. With thoughts of the novel about a prostitute, "La Fille Elisa" by Edmond de Goncourt, Van Gogh gave her the five francs and quickly moved on his way.[59] The novel appears in Van Gogh's Still Life with Books (F335).[52]


Still Life with Bloaters also Smoked Herrings, 1886, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo (F203)
 

Still Life with Bloaters also Still Life: The Saurs Herrings, 1886, Kunstmuseum, Basel, Switzerland (F283)
 

Still Life with Two Herrings, a Cloth and a Glass, 1886, Private collection (F1671)
 

Still Life with Bloaters and Garlic, 1887, Bridgestone Museum of Art, Tokyo (F283b)
Assorted fruit[edit]
In Van Gogh's first months in Paris, he stayed in his brother Theo's small apartment on Rue Laval. Vincent's behavior could be disruptive and unnerving to Theo and others. A friend of Theo's wrote of Vincent, "The man hasn t the slightest notion of social conditions. He is always quarreling with everybody. Consequently Theo has a lot of problem getting along with him." As means of calming himself, Vincent painted fall fruit in the autumn of 1886, which he imbues with seemingly "supernatural vitality and beauty." Multi-colored, contrasting colored brushstrokes radiate in a circle from the fruit with an "aura of electrical radiance."[60]

Still Life with Fruit Comparison:
Van Gogh and Monet

Vincent van Gogh, Still Life with Apples, Pears, Lemons and Grapes, 1887, Art Institute of Chicago (F382)

Claude Monet, Still Life with Apples and Grapes, 1880, Art Institute of Chicago
Still Life with Apples, Pears, Lemons and Grapes (F382) was Van Gogh's opportunity to explore Blanc's recommendation about combining colors: "If one brings together sulfur (yellow) and garnet (dark red), which is its exact opposite, being equidistant from nasturtium (orange) and campanula (blue-mauve), the garnet and sulfur will excite one another, because they are each others' complementaries." In the background, Van Gogh used short brushstrokes of light blue and pink, giving the impression that the fruit is sitting in a basket. Van Gogh may have seen Claude Monet's Still Life with Apples and Grapes in Paris, but while the subject matter is roughly the same, the composition is not. Monet paints the fruit on a diagonally placed table to "anchor his composition in space."[61] Having removed any form of distraction, such as a table or background,[60] Van Gogh placed each piece of fruit by itself, creating a "semi-abstract, decorative effect."[61]

Still Life with Quinces and Lemons (F383) is a study in yellow. The painting, and even the frame, are in shades of yellow, ocher and brown. The painting also has highlights in pink, red, green and blue. A fine example of an Impressionist painting, Van Gogh dedicated the painting to his brother Theo for his guidance and introduction to modern art.[27] Over the yellow frame, Van Gogh painted criss-cross marks, evocative of Japanese calligraphy.[62] Adding a painted frame to a work of art was not unusual for painters of this time; Georges Seurat and Paul Signac also painted their frames. What is unusual is that the painted frame remained with the painting. In most cases the original frames were replaced over the years to suit its owner's taste.[27]


Still Life with Quinces, Lemons, Pears and Grapes, 1887, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F383)
 

Still Life with Quince Pears, 1887, Galerie Neue Meister, Dresden, Germany (F602)
 

Still Life with Grapes, 1887, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F603)
Apples[edit]
Comparison of Still Life with Apples
The Netherlands (1885) to Paris (1887 88)

Basket of Apples, 1885, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F99)

Still Life with Apples, 1887 88, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F254)
Basket of Apples (F99) was made in 1885 when Van Gogh experimented with Delacroix's color theory. To his brother Theo, Van Gogh wrote: "There is a certain pure bright red for the apples, then some greenish things. Now there are one or two apples in another color, in a kind of pink   to improve the whole. The pink is the broken color, created by mixing the first red and green mentioned. This is why there is a connection between the colors. Then I painted a second contrast, in the back- and foreground. One was given a neutral color by "breaking" blue with orange; the other the same neutral color, only this time changed by adding a little yellow."[63]


Still Life with Basket of Apples (to Lucien Pissarro), 1887, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F378)
 

Still Life with Basket of Apples, 1887 88, Saint Louis Art Museum, St Louis, Missouri (F379)
Lemons[edit]
Still Life with Lemons on a Plate (F338) is one of the paintings that Enrica Crispino, author of "Van Gogh" uses to illustrate Van Gogh's progression in the use of light and movement from colors darkened with black to "pure color".[64]

Van Gogh made Still life with Carafe and Lemons (F340) quickly, with a very thin layer of paint that does not completely obscure the canvas. The carafe of water catches the reflection of the papered background. Complementary colors are used well in the painting, such as yellow lemons against its purple shadow. The green in the foreground contrasts with the red in the background. Van Gogh signed this still life, indicating that he was pleased with the result.[49]


Still Life with Lemons on a Plate, 1887, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F338)
 

Still Life with Decanter and Lemons on a Plate, 1887, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F340)
How Van Gogh integrated modern art concepts[edit]
Impressionism[edit]
Van Gogh's work in still life reflects his emergence as an important practitioner of modern art, particularly integrating techniques of Impressionism. The table identifies key Impressionist techniques and examples of how Van Gogh used them in this series of still life paintings.

Impressionist technique Examples in Van Gogh's work
Short, thick strokes of paint are used to quickly capture the essence of the subject, rather than its details. The paint is often applied impasto. Wet paint is placed into wet paint without waiting for successive applications to dry, producing softer edges and an intermingling of colour.  Van Gogh integrated Pointillism techniques in Imperial Fritillaries in a Copper Vase (F213).[30] Vase with Zinnias and Geraniums (F241) is an example of impasto application of paint.[43]
Colors are applied side-by-side with as little mixing as possible, creating a vibrant surface. The optical mixing of colours occurs in the eye of the viewer. Still life with Carafe and Lemons (F340) is an example of how Van Gogh used complementary colors, side-by-side, such as yellow lemons against its purple shadow.[49]
Grays and dark tones are produced by mixing complementary colours. In pure Impressionism the use of black paint is avoided. In making Vase with Autumn Asters (F234) Van Gogh began to use more intense colors, rather than somber grey tones of his early work.[28]
The play of natural light is emphasized. Close attention is paid to the reflection of colors from object to object. In Glass of Absinthe and a Carafe (F339) Van Gogh paints a glass of absinthe that is made lighter by sunlight from the cafe window.[56]
Color relationships[edit]
Van Gogh experimented with each of the three color relationships:

Color relationship  Examples in Van Gogh's work
Complementary, contrasting colors - colors across from one another on the color wheel Two Cut Sunflowers (F375) is painted with the contrasting pair blue and yellow.[41] Vase of Peonies, 1886, Private collection (F666a) is an example of green against pink.
Harmonious colors - adjacent colors on the color wheel  In Vase with Autumn Asters (F234) experiments with harmonizing colors: rose, pink and red.[45] Still Life with Scabiosa and Ranunculus, 1886, Private collection (F666) also has pink and red flowers and the background has a set of harmonious green-brown shades.
Trio of colors - colors that form a triangle on the color wheel Vase with Red Poppies (F279) is another illustration of how Van Gogh the trio of red, green and blue for a visually interesting combination of colors.[39]
Light[edit]
Van Gogh experimented with use of light over his ten-year painting career. A trio of still lifes shows his developing style for managing light. At first he placed light subjects against a background, as in Still Life with Four Stone Bottles, Flask and White Cup (1884) Then he realized the effectiveness of using "pure colors, such as in Still Life with Lemons on a plate (1887) and even more so in Still Life: Drawing Board, Pipe, Onions and Sealing-Wax (1889)."[64]


Still Life with Four Stone Bottles, Flask and White Cup, 1884, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo (F50)
 

Still Life with Lemons on a plate, 1887, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F338)
 

Still Life: Drawing Board, Pipe, Onions and Sealing-Wax, January 1889, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo (F604)
Later in 1887[edit]

The Rispal Restaurant at Asni res, Summer, 1887 Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art, Kansas City (F355)
After he made most of the still life paintings, Van Gogh left the city in April 1887 for the tranquil Parisian suburb called Asni res[30] and to paint with his friends and Asni res residents Paul Signac and  mile Bernard.[65] Asni res is located beyond the city fortifications, along the banks of the Seine and the island of Grand Jatte. There he experimented with an even lighter, more colorful palette than used in his early Montmartre, Still Life and Dutch paintings[66] and more fully defined his unique brushstroke: one that was rapid with thickly painted strokes laid closely together.[67]

References[edit]

Olive Trees (Van Gogh series)
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
The Olive Trees
A painting of intense green gnarled old olive trees with distant rolling blue mountains behind under a light blue sky with a large fluffy white cloud in the center
Artist  Vincent van Gogh
Year  1889
Type  Oil on canvas
Dimensions  92 cm   72.5 cm (36.2 in   28.5 in)
Location  Museum of Modern Art (F712, JH1740) [1][2], New York, NY
Vincent van Gogh painted at least 18 paintings of olive trees, mostly in Saint-R my-de-Provence in 1889. At his own request, he lived at an asylum there from May 1889 through May 1890 painting the gardens of the asylum and, when he had permission to venture outside its walls, nearby olive trees, cypresses and wheat fields.

One painting, Olive Trees in a Mountainous Landscape, was a complement to The Starry Night.

The olive tree paintings had special significance for Van Gogh. A group in May 1889 represented life, the divine and the cycle of life while those from November 1889 arose out of Van Gogh's attempt to symbolize his feelings about Christ in Gethsemane. His paintings of olive pickers demonstrate the relationship between man and nature by depicting one of the cycles of life, harvesting or death. It is also an example of how individuals, through interaction with nature, can connect with the divine.

Van Gogh found respite and relief in interaction with nature. When the series of olive tree paintings was made in 1889 Van Gogh was subject to illness and emotional turmoil, yet the paintings are among his finest works.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Saint-R my
2 Olive trees as a subject
3 Spiritual significance
4 Analysis
4.1 Artistic style
4.2 Meaning
5 The paintings
5.1 Complement to The Starry Night
5.2 Olive pickers
5.3 Painted in May and June 1889
5.4 Painted in September, November and December 1889
6 References
7 Bibliography
8 External links
Saint-R my[edit]
See also: Saint-Paul Asylum, Saint-R my (Van Gogh series)

View of the Asylum and Chapel at Saint Remy, 1889
Collection of Elizabeth Taylor (F803)
In May 1889, Van Gogh voluntarily entered the asylum[3] of St. Paul[4] near Saint-R my in Provence.[5] There he had access to an adjacent cell he used as his studio. He was initially confined to the immediate asylum grounds and painted (without the window bars) the world he saw from his room, such as ivy covered trees, lilacs, and irises in the garden.[3][6] As he ventured outside of the asylum walls, he painted the wheat fields, olive groves, and cypress trees in the surrounding countryside,[6] which he saw as "characteristic of Provence." Over the course of the year, he painted about 150 canvases.[3]

The imposed regimen of asylum life gave Van Gogh a hard-won stability: "I feel happier here with my work than I could be outside. By staying here a good long time, I shall have learned regular habits and in the long run the result will be more order in my life."[6] While his time at Saint-R my forced him to manage his vices, such as coffee, alcohol, poor eating habits and periodic attempts to consume turpentine and paint, his stay was not ideal. He needed to obtain permission to leave the asylum grounds. The food was poor; he generally ate only bread and soup. His only apparent form of treatment were two-hour baths twice a week. During his year there, Van Gogh had periodic attacks, possibly due to a form of epilepsy.[7] By early 1890, when the attacks worsened, he concluded that his stay at the asylum was not helping him to recover, which led him to move to Auvers-sur-Oise just north of Paris in May 1890.[8]

Olive trees as a subject[edit]
Painting the countryside, the surrounding fields, cypress trees and olive trees restored Van Gogh's connection to nature through art.[9] He completed at least 18 paintings in 1889[10] of "venerable, gnarled olive trees," pervasive throughout southern France,[11] of which he wrote:


Olive Trees in Provence, France
"The effect of daylight and the sky means there are endless subjects to be found in olive trees. For myself I look for the contrasting effects in the foliage, which changes with the tones of the sky. At times, when the tree bares its pale blossoms and big blue flies, emerald fruit beetles and cicadas in great numbers fly about, everything is immersed in pure blue. Then, as the bronzer foliage takes on more mature tones, the sky is radiant and streaked with green and orange, and then again, further into autumn, the leaves take on violet tones something of the color of a ripe fig, and this violet effect manifests itself most fully with the contrast of the large, whitening sun within its pale halo of light lemon. Sometimes, too, after a shower I've seen the whole sky pink and orange, which gave an exquisite value and coloring to the silvery gray-greens. And among all this were women, also pink, who were gathering the fruit."[12]
He found olive trees, representative of Provence, both "demanding and compelling." He wrote to his brother Theo that he was "struggling to catch (the olive trees). They are old silver, sometimes with more blue in them, sometimes greenish, bronzed, fading white above a soil which is yellow, pink, violet tinted orange... very difficult." He found that the "rustle of the olive grove has something very secret in it, and immensely old. It is too beautiful for us to dare to paint it or to be able to imagine it."[10]

Spiritual significance[edit]
As a young man, Van Gogh was interested in pursuing ministry to serve working people.[13][14] He studied for a time in the Netherlands but his zeal and self-imposed asceticism cost him a short-term position in lay ministry. He became somewhat embittered and rejected the church establishment, yet found a personal spirituality that was comforting and important to him.[14] By 1879, he made a shift in the direction of his life and found he could express his "love of God and man" through painting.[13]

Van Gogh painted nature, the major subject for his works in the last 29 months of his life, to bring relief from his illnesses and emotional distress.[15] Prior to this period he had rejected what he perceived as the narrow religion of his parents, and took an almost nihilistic stance, not unlike Nietzsche's, toward religion and God.[16] It was among the blossoming trees, the olive orchards and fields that Van Gogh most often found "profound meaning", because he saw in their cycles an analogy to human life. He wrote to Theo that death, happiness and unhappiness are "necessary and useful" and relative, declaring "Even faced with an illness that breaks me up and frightens me, that belief is unshaken."[8]


Paul Gauguin, Christ in the Garden of Olives, 1889, Norton Museum of Art, West Palm Beach, Florida.[17]

Note the red hair of the Christ / Gauguin self-portrait, the color of which has been described as "supernaturally red", and directly evokes Van Gogh.[18]
The autumn work was somewhat in reaction to the recent compositions of Christ in the Garden of Olives by his friends Paul Gauguin and  mile Bernard.[19] Frustrated by their work which he qualified with the words "nothing was observed", Van Gogh painted "in the groves, morning and evening during these clear, cold days, but in beautiful, bright sunshine" resulting in five canvases above the three he completed earlier in the year.[20] He wrote to his brother, Theo, "What I have done is a rather hard and coarse reality beside their abstractions, but it will have a rustic quality and will smell of the earth."[19] Rather than attempting to recreate what the scene might have been like,[20] he explained "one can express anguish without making reference to the actual Gethsemane, and... there is no need to portray figures from the Sermon on the Mount in order to express a gentle and comforting feeling."[13] He also commented: "I shall not paint a Christ in the Garden of Olives, but shall paint the olive harvest as one might see it today, and by giving the human figure its proper place in it, one might perhaps be reminded of it."[13][21]

Analysis[edit]
Artistic style[edit]
Van Gogh's early works were made with dull, gray colors.[22] In Paris, he met leading French artists Edgar Degas, Georges Seurat and others who provided illuminating influences on the use of color and technique. His work, previously somber and dark, now "blazed with color." Indeed, Van Gogh's use of color became so dramatic that he was sometimes called an Expressionist. But it was southern France that provided an opportunity for him to express his "surging emotions."[23] Enlightened by the effects of its sun-drenched countryside, Van Gogh reported that above all, his work "promises color".[24] This is where he began development of his masterpieces.[23]

Van Gogh captured the colors and moods of the trees which varied dramatically by daylight and season.[12] He began to use the color blue to represent the divine. In both The Starry Night and his olive tree paintings, Van Gogh used the intense blue of the sky to symbolize the "divine and infinite presence" of Jesus. Seeking a "modern artistic language" to represent the divine, he sought a numinous quality in many of his olive tree paintings, such as by bathing olive trees, an emblem for Jesus, in "radiant gold light".[25]


Georges-Pierre Seurat, Bathers at Asni res, 1884, National Gallery, London, detail of water and grass.

An example of use of Seurat's use of broken lines of color to bring light and form to paintings.
Van Gogh used the Impressionist concept of broken color to give light to a work, innovatively drawing in color, giving the painting light and form, as he also did in his paintings of plowed fields, mountains, rocks, and heads and figures.[26] The series is unified by a more refined approach, without the thick application of paint to which he was more accustomed.[19]

Meaning[edit]
The National Gallery of Art summarizes this series:

"In the olive trees   in the expressive power of their ancient and gnarled forms   Van Gogh found a manifestation of the spiritual force he believed resided in all of nature. His brushstrokes make the soil and even the sky seem alive with the same rustling motion as the leaves, stirred to a shimmer by the Mediterranean wind. These strong individual dashes do not seem painted so much as drawn onto the canvas with a heavily loaded brush. The energy in their continuous rhythm communicates to us, in an almost physical way, the living force that Van Gogh found within the trees themselves, the very spiritual force that he believed had shaped them."[10]
Skye Jethani, author of The Divine Commodity: Discovering a Faith Beyond Consumer Christianity, asserts that in many of his paintings, the olive tree series in particular, Van Gogh conveys the redemptive quality of sorrow and that even in sorrow, there can be rejoicing. To quote Van Gogh's sermon of 1876:

"Sorrow is better than joy... for by the sadness of the countenance, the heart is made better. Our nature is sorrowful, but for those who have learnt and are learning to look at Jesus Christ, there will always be reason to rejoice. It is a good word, that of St. Paul: as being sorrowful yet also rejoicing."[27]
The paintings[edit]
In his letters, Van Gogh specified two groupings: three paintings made in June 1889 and five completed by late November 1889.[13][19] There was also a painting in September,[28] three olive picker paintings in December[13][29] and a few others. Van Gogh made several drawings of olive trees when, as a precautionary safety measure, he did not have access to his paints.

Complement to The Starry Night[edit]
Of Olive Trees in a Mountainous Landscape in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA), Van Gogh wrote his brother Theo: "I did a landscape with olive trees and also a new study of a starry sky," calling this painting the daylight complement to the nocturnal, The Starry Night. His intention was to go beyond "the photographic and silly perfection of some painters" to an intensity born of color and linear rhythms.[30]

Within the painting, twisted green olive trees stand before the foothills of the Alps and underneath the sky with an "ectoplasmic" cloud. Later, when the pictures had dried, he sent both of them to Theo in Paris, noting: "The olive trees with the white cloud and the mountains behind, as well as the rise of the moon and the night effect, are exaggerations from the point of view of the general arrangement; the outlines are accentuated as in some old woodcuts."[30]

Olive Trees painting made as a complement to The Starry Night

Olive Trees in a Mountainous Landscape
June 1889
72.6 x 91.4 cm
Museum of Modern Art, New York City (F712)

The Starry Night
1889
73.7 x 92.1
Museum of Modern Art, New York City (F612)
Olive pickers[edit]
Van Gogh painted three versions of women picking olives. The first (F654) he described as an on-the-spot study "in deeper tones from nature".[13] The second painting (F655)[13] is "the most resolved and stylized of the three," intended for his sister and mother, is located at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.[31]

The third, in the Chester Dale collection at the National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC.(F656)[10] he painted in his studio in December in a "very discreet color scheme".[13] Although the subject of the painting is immediately clear, the first tree, like a stepping stone, leads the spectator into the scene.[29] Here Van Gogh was more concerned about emotional and spiritual reality than literal interpretation. The women harvest olives for sustenance. The way in which the trees seem to wrap around the women and the trees and the landscape are almost one, indicates an emotional bond and interdependence between nature and people.[11]

Another painting was made of olive pickers, this time a couple. Kr ller-M ller Museum's Olive Grove with Two Olive Pickers (F587) was painted December, 1889.[32]

Women Picking Olives series

Olive Picking
December 1889
73 x 92 cm
Private Collection in Switzerland (F654)

Women Picking Olives
December 1889
72.4 x 89.9
Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York (F655)

Women Picking Olives
December 1889
73 x 92 cm
National Gallery of Art, Washington D.C. (F656)

Olive Orchard with a Man and a Woman Picking Fruit
December 1889
Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F587)
Painted in May and June 1889[edit]
Van Gogh made four paintings in May and June 1889. The first, Couple Walking among Olive Trees in a Mountainous Landscape with Crescent Moon (F704) is located at the Museu de Arte de S o Paulo, San Paulo, Brazil[33]


Couple Walking among Olive Trees in a Mountainous Landscape with Crescent Moon
May 1890
49.5 x 45.5
Museu de Arte de S o Paulo, San Paulo, Brazil (F704)
Van Gogh identified three olive tree paintings made in June, the second month of his stay at the asylum.[13][19]

The Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art's Olive Orchard (F715) was expressed by Van Gogh in a letter of July 1889 as an orchard of olive trees with gray leaves, "their violet shadows lying on the sunny sand." By contrast, the shadows accentuate the heat of the Proven al sun. The "repetitive, rectangular brush strokes" convey an energy that heightens the emotional impact of this work.[34]

Van Gogh Museum's Olive Trees: Bright Blue Sky (F709) of cool, blue daylight tones is similar to G teborgs Museum of Art's Olive Grove, a study in warm autumn colors. The autumn toned painting met Van Gogh's goal of achieving a "harsh and coarse" realism to his work. He presented the painting to his friend and doctor, Dr. Gachet, with whom he would be under care and supervision in Auvers-sur-Oise the following year.[35]

The Kr ller-M ller Museum Olive Orchard (F585) was painted in June, 1889.[36]

Olive Trees (June 1889)

Olive Orchard
June 1889
73 x 92 cm
Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art, Kansas City (F715)

Olive Trees: Bright Blue Sky
June 1889
45.5 x 59.5 cm
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam, Netherlands (F709)

Olive Orchard
mid-June 1889
72 x 92 cm
Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F585)
Painted in September, November and December 1889[edit]
The paintings made during this period were much the artistic result of Van Gogh's reaction to the Gauguin and Bernard Gethsemane painting, as mentioned in the "Spiritual significance" section.[20][37]

The intense nature of National Gallery of Scotland's Olive Trees (F714) likely expresses Van Gogh's agitated state of mind when he completed this work, dramatic impact evidenced both through his brushstrokes and color use.[37]

The vibrant oranges and yellows in Olive Trees with Yellow Sky and Sun (F710) suggest the fall season.[4] Novelist Warren Keith Wright visited this painting at the Minneapolis Institute of Art over a 15-year period, transfixed by the painting, but unsure why. He came to realize that the fascination was that the painting represented two periods of time. The late-afternoon sun lies due west above the mountains. The shadows, though, slant from the left, or the southwest, where they would fall in autumn. Not only is the painting out of sync with time, it is also out of sync with the season. It "predicts its own future, reverts to its own past."[38] Olive Trees with Yellow Sky and Sun symbolizes the suffering of Jesus is symbolized by a "harsh sun, barren ground, shadows, and the menacing appearance of leaf clusters."[39]

Olive Trees (September, November and December 1889

Olive Trees
September 1889
Private Collection (F711)

Olive Trees
November 1889
51 x 65.2 cm
National Gallery of Scotland, Edinburgh (F714)

Olive Trees with Yellow Sky and Sun
November 1889
73.6 x 92.7 cm
Minneapolis Institute of Arts, Minneapolis (F710)
In November or December 1889 Van Gogh worked on the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Olive Orchard (F708). Another painting from this time is Olive Grove: Orange Sky (F586) which resides at the G teborgs Museum of Art, Gothenburg, Sweden[35]


Olive Orchard
November, 1889
72.7 x 92.1 cm
Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York (F708)

Olive Grove
November December 1889
73 x 92
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F707)

Olive Grove: Orange Sky
November, 1889
G teborgs Museum of Art, G teborg, Sweden (F586)



Olive Trees Against a Slope of a Hill
November December 1889
33.5 x 40.0 cm
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F716)

The White Cottage Among the Olive Trees
December 1889
70 x 60
Private collection (F664)

Landscape with Olive Tree and Mountains in the Background
December 1889
45 x 55 cm
Location unknown (F663)

Wheat Fields (Van Gogh series)
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Landscape with Wheat Sheaves and Rising Moon
Landscape with wheat sheaves and rising moon.jpg
Artist  Vincent van Gogh
Year  early June, 1889
Type  Oil on canvas
Dimensions  72.0 cm   92.0 cm (28.3 in   36.2 in)
Location  Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands
The Wheat Fields is a series of dozens of paintings by Vincent van Gogh, borne out of his religious studies and sermons, connection to nature, appreciation of manual laborers and desire to provide a means of offering comfort to others. The wheat field works demonstrate his progression as an artist from the drab Wheat Sheaves made in 1885 in the Netherlands to the colorful, dramatic paintings from Arles, Saint-R my and Auvers-sur-Oise of rural France.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Wheat as a subject
1.1 Spiritual significance
1.2 Field workers
1.3 Connection to nature
1.4 Color
2 Periods
2.1 Nuenen and Paris
2.2 Arles
2.2.1 May farmhouses
2.2.2 June - The Sower
2.2.3 June - harvest
2.2.4 June - complimentary harvest paintings
2.3 Saint-R my
2.3.1 The Wheat Field
2.3.2 Wheat field with cypresses
2.3.3 Other wheat field paintings
2.4 Auvers-sur-Oise
2.4.1 Wheat harvest series
2.4.2 Emotional turmoil
3 References
4 External links
Wheat as a subject[edit]

Ploughed fields ('The furrows') -depicts the fields before the wheat grows. Van Gogh appreciated manual laborers and their connection to nature
Failing to find a vocation in ministry, Van Gogh turned to art as a means to express and communicate his deepest sense of the meaning of life. Cliff Edwards, author of "Van Gogh and God: A Creative Spiritual Quest" wrote: "Vincent's life was a quest for unification, a search for how to integrate the ideas of religion, art, literature, and nature that motivated him."[1]

Van Gogh came to view painting as a calling, "I feel a certain indebtedness [to the world] and... out of gratitude, want to leave some souvenir in the shape of drawings or pictures -- not made to please a certain taste in art, but to express a sincere feeling."[2] When Van Gogh left Paris for Arles, he sought an antidote to the ills of city life and work among laborers in the field "giving his art and life the value he recognized in rural toil."[3]

In the series of paintings about wheat fields, Van Gogh expresses through symbolism and use of color his deeply felt spiritual beliefs, appreciation of manual laborers and connection to nature.

Spiritual significance[edit]
As a young man Van Gogh pursued what he saw as a religious calling, wanting to minister to working people. In 1876 he was assigned a post in Isleworth, England to teach Bible classes and occasionally preach in the Methodist church.[4][5]

When he returned to the Netherlands he studied for the ministry and also for lay ministry or missionary work without finishing either field of study. With support from his father, Van Gogh went to Borinage in southern Belgium where he nursed and ministered to coal miners. There he obtained a six-month trial position for a small salary where he preached in an old dance hall and established and taught Bible school. His self-imposed zeal and asceticism cost him the position.[5]

After a nine-month period of withdrawal from society and family; he rejected the church establishment, yet found his personal vision of spirituality, "The best way to know God is to love many things. Love a friend, a wife, something - whatever you like - (and) you will be on the way to knowing more about Him; this is what I say to myself. But one must love with a lofty and serious intimate sympathy, with strength, with intelligence."[5] By 1879, he made a shift in the direction of his life and found he could express his "love of God and man" through painting.[4]

Drawn to Biblical parables, Van Gogh found wheat fields metaphors for humanity's cycles of life, as both celebration of growth and realization of the susceptibility of nature's powerful forces.[6]

Of the Biblical symbolism of sowing and reaping Van Gogh taught in his Bible lessons: "One does not expect to get from life what one has already learned it cannot give; rather, one begins to see more clearly that life is a kind of sowing time, and the harvest is not here."[7]

The Sower, June 1888, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo. Inspired by Jean-Fran ois Millet Van Gogh made several paintings after The Sower by Millet
The image of the sower came to Van Gogh in Biblical teachings from his childhood, such as:
"A sower went out to sow. As he sowed, some seed fell along the path, and the birds came and devoured it. Other seed fell on rocky ground, where it had not much soil, and immediately it sprang up, since it had no depth of soil; and when the sun rose it was scorched, and since it had no root it withered away. Other seed fell among thorns and the thorns grew up and choked it, and it yielded no grain. And other seeds fell into good soil and brought forth grain, growing up and increasing and yielding thirty fold, and sixty fold and a hundredfold.(Mark 4:3-8)[7]
Van Gogh used the digger and ploughman as symbols of struggle to reach the kingdom of God.[8]
He was particularly enamored with "the good God sun" and called anyone who didn't believe in the sun infidels. The painting of the haloed sun was a characteristic style seen in many of his paintings,[9] representing the divine, in reference to the nimbus in Delacroix's Christ Asleep During the Tempest.[10]
Van Gogh found storms important for their restorative nature, symbolizing "the better times of pure air and the rejuvenation of all society." Van Gogh also found storms to reveal the divine.[11]
Field workers[edit]

Vincent van Gogh - Peasant woman binding sheaves (after Millet)
The "peasant genre" that greatly influenced Van Gogh began in the 1840s with the works of Jean-Fran ois Millet, Jules Breton, and others. In 1885 Van Gogh described the painting of peasants as the most essential contribution to modern art. He described the works of Millet and Breton of religious significance, "something on high," and described them as the "voices of the wheat." [12]

Throughout Van Gogh's adulthood he had an interest in serving others, especially manual workers. As a young man he served and ministered to coal miners in Borinage, Belgium which seemed to bring him close to his calling of being a missionary or minister to workers.[13]

A common denominator in his favored authors and artists was sentimental treatment of the destitute and downtrodden. Referring to painting of peasants Van Gogh wrote to his brother Theo: "How shall I ever manage to paint what I love so much " He held laborers up to a high standard of how dedicatedly he should approach painting, "One must undertake with confidence, with a certain assurance that one is doing a reasonable thing, like the farmer who drives his plow... (one who) drags the harrow behind himself. If one hasn't a horse, one is one's own horse." [13]

Connection to nature[edit]
Van Gogh used nature for inspiration, preferring that to abstract studies from imagination. He wrote that rather than making abstract studies: "I am getting well acquainted with nature. I exaggerate, sometime I make change in motif; but for all that, I do not invent the whole picture; on the contrary, I find it already in nature, only it must be disentangled." [14]

The close association of peasants and the cycles of nature particularly interested Van Gogh, such as the sowing of seeds, harvest and sheaves of wheat in the fields.[12] Van Gogh saw plowing, sowing and harvesting symbolic to man's efforts to overwhelm the cycles of nature: "the sower and the wheat sheaf stood for eternity, and the reaper and his scythe for irrevocable death." The dark hours conducive to germination and regeneration are depicted in The Sower and wheat fields at sunset.[12]


Wheat
In 1889 Van Gogh wrote of the way in which wheat was symbolic to him: "What can a person do when he thinks of all the things he cannot understand, but look at the fields of wheat... We, who live by bread, are we not ourselves very much like wheat... to be reaped when we are ripe."[15]

Van Gogh saw in his paintings of wheat fields an opportunity for people to find a sense of calm and meaning, offering more to suffering people than guessing at what they may learn "on the other side of life." [16][17]

Van Gogh writes Theo that he hopes that his family brings to him "what nature, clods of earth, the grass, yellow wheat, the peasant, are for me, in other words, that you find in your love for people something not only to work for, but to comfort and restore you when there is a need." [18] Further exploring the connection between man and nature, Van Gogh wrote his sister Wil, "What the germinating force is in a grain of wheat, love is in us."[19]

At times Van Gogh was so enamored with nature that his sense of self seemed lost in the intensity of his work: "I have a terrible lucidity at moments, these days when nature is so beautiful, I am not conscious of myself any more, and the picture comes to me as in a dream." [20]

Color[edit]
Wheat fields provided a subject in which Van Gogh could experiment with color.[21] Tired of his work in the Netherlands made with dull, gray colors, van Gogh sought to create work that was more creative and colorful.[22] In Paris Van Gogh met leading French artists Edgar Degas, Georges Seurat and others who provided illuminating influences on the use of color and technique. His work, previously somber and dark, now "blazed with color." His use of color was so dramatic that Van Gogh was sometimes called an Expressionist.[23]

While Van Gogh learned much about color and technique in Paris, southern France provided an opportunity to express his "surging emotions."[23] Enlightened by the effects of the sun drenched countryside in southern France, Van Gogh reported that above all, his work "promises color."[24] This is where he began development of his masterpieces.[23]

Van Gogh used complementary, contrasting colors to bring an intensity to his work, which evolved over the periods of his work. Two complementary colors of the same degree of vividness and contrast."[25] Van Gogh mentioned the liveliness and interplay of "a wedding of two complementary colors, their mingling and opposition, the mysterious vibrations of two kindred souls."[26] An example of use of complementary colors is The Sower where gold is contrasted to purple and blue with orange to intensify the impact of the work.[10]

The four seasons were reflected in lime green and silver of spring, yellow when the wheat matured, beige and then burnished gold.[21]

Periods[edit]
Nuenen and Paris[edit]
Prior to Van Gogh's exploration of southern France, there were just a few of his paintings where wheat was the subject.

The first, Sheaves of Wheat in a Field was painted July August 1885 in Nuenen, Netherlands.[27] Here the emphasis is on the land and labor is suggested by the "bulging wheat stacks."[28] This work was made several months after The Potato Eaters at a time when he was looking to free himself physically, emotionally and artistically from the gray colors of his art and life, moving away from Nuenen to develop, as author Albert Lubin describes, a more "imaginative, colorful art that suited him much better." [22]

Van Gogh, who "particularly admired a poem written by Walt Whitman about the beauty in a blade of grass", began painting waving stalks of wheat in Paris.[29] In 1887 he made Wheat Field with a Lark where Impressionist influences are reflected in his use of color and management of light and shadow. Brush strokes are made to reflect the objects, like the stalks of wheat.[30][31] The work reflects the motion of the wheat blowing in the wind, the lark flying and the clouds streaking from the currents in the sky. The cycles of life are reflected in the land left by harvested wheat and the growing wheat subject to the forces of the wind, as we are subject to the pressures in our lives. The cycle of life depicted here is both tragic and comforting. The stubble of the harvested wheat reflect the inevitable cycle of death, while the stalks of wheat, flying bird and windswept clouds reflect continual change.[6] Edge of a Wheat Field with Poppies, shown below in black and white, was also painted in 1887.[32]


Sheaves of Wheat in a Field, July August 1885, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F193)
 

Wheat Field with a Lark, 1887, reportedly at Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam, Netherlands (F310)
 

Edge of a Wheatfield with Poppies, 1887, Private collection (drawing of painting) (F310a)
Arles[edit]
Van Gogh was about 35 years of age when he moved to Arles in southern France. There he was at the height of his career, producing some of his best work. His paintings represented different aspects of ordinary life, such as Harvest at La Crau. The sunflower paintings, some of the most recognizable of Van Gogh's paintings, were created in this time. He worked continuously to keep up with his ideas for paintings. This is likely one of Van Gogh's happier periods of life. He is confident, clear-minded and seemingly content.[24]

In a letter to his brother, Theo, he wrote, "Painting as it is now, promises to become more subtle - more like music and less like sculpture - and above all, it promises color." As a means of explanation, Van Gogh explains that being like music means being comforting.[24]

A prolific time, in less than 444 days van Gogh made about 100 drawings and produced more than 200 paintings. Yet, he still found time and energy to write more than 200 letters. While he painted quickly, mindful of the pace farmers would need to work in the hot sun, he spent time thinking about his paintings long before he put brush to canvas.[33]

His work during this period represents a culmination of influences, such as Impressionism, Neo-Impressionism and Japanese art (see Japonism). His style evolved into one with vivid colors and energetic, impasto brush strokes.[34]

May farmhouses[edit]
Both Farmhouse in a Wheat Field[35] and Farmhouses in Wheat Field Near Arles were made in May, 1888[36] which Van Gogh described at the time: "A little town surrounded by fields completely blooming with yellow and purple flowers; you know, it is a beautiful Japanese dream."[37]


Farmhouse in a Wheat Field, May 1888, reportedly at Van Gogh Museum (F408 )
 

Farmhouses in Wheat Field Near Arles, 1888, likely at P. and N. de Boer Foundation or Van Gogh Museum, both of which are in Amsterdam, Netherlands (F576 )
June - The Sower[edit]

The Sower, June 1888, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F422)
The audience is drawn into the painting by the glowing disk of the rising sun in citron-yellow which Van Gogh intended to represent the divine, replicating the nimbus from Eug ne Delacroix's Christ Asleep during the Tempest. Van Gogh depicts the cycle of life in the sowing of wheat against the field of mature wheat,[10] there is death, like the setting sun, but also rebirth. The sun will rise again. Wheat has been cut, but the sower plants seeds for a new crop. Leaves have fallen from the tree in the distance, but leaves will grow again.[38]

In The Sower Van Gogh uses complementary colors to bring intensity to the picture. Blue and orange flecks in the plowed field and violet and gold in the spring wheat behind the sower.[10] Van Gogh used colors symbolically and for effect, when speaking of the colors in this work he said: I couldn't care less what the colours are in reality.[39]

Inspired by Jean-Fran ois Millet van Gogh made several paintings after The Sower by Millet. Van Gogh made seven other "Sower" paintings, one in 1883 and the other six after this work.[40]

June - harvest[edit]
During the last half of June he worked on a group of ten "Harvest" paintings,[34] which allowed him to experiment with color and technique. "I have now spent a week working hard in the wheatfields, under the blazing sun," Van Gogh wrote on 21 June 1888 to his brother Theo.[41] He described the series of wheat fields as " landscapes, yellow old gold done quickly, quickly, quickly, and in a hurry just like the harvester who is silent under the blazing sun, intent only on the reaping."[33]

Wheat Fields also Wheat Fields with the Alpilles Foothills in the Background[41] is a view of the vast, spreading plain against a low horizon.[42] Nearly the entire canvas is filled with the wheat field. In the foreground is green wheat of yellow, green, red, brown and black colors, which sets off the more mature, golden yellow wheat. The Alpilles range is just visible in the distance.[41]

Van Gogh wrote about Sunset: Wheat Fields Near Arles: "A summer sun... town purple, celestial body yellow, sky green-blue. The wheat has all the hues of old gold, copper, green-gold or red-gold, yellow gold, yellow bronze, red-green." He made this work during the height of the mistral winds. To prevent his canvas from flying away, van Gogh drove the easel into the ground and secured the canvas to the easel with rope.[43][44]

Arles: View from the Wheat Fields (Wheat Field with Sheaves and Arles in the Background), another painting of this series,[45] represents the harvest. In the foreground are sheaves of harvested wheat leaning against one another. The center of the painting depicts the harvesting process.[46]


Wheat Field also Wheat Field with Alpilles Foothills in the Background, June 1888, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam, Netherlands (F411)
 

Sunset: Wheat Fields Near Arles, June 1888, Kunstmuseum Winterthur, Switzerland (F465)
 

Arles: View from the Wheat Fields (Wheat Field with Sheaves and Arles in the Background), June 1888, Mus e Rodin, Paris, France (F545)
Wheat Stacks with Reaper was made in June, 1888 (as indicated by the F number sequence) or [47] June 1890 in Auvers as noted by the Toledo Museum of Art, where it resides. Of the figure "the reaper" Van Gogh expressed his symbolic, spiritual view of those who worked close to nature in a letter to his sister in 1889: "aren t we, who live on bread, to a considerable extent like wheat, at least aren't we forced to submit to growing like a plant without the power to move, by which I mean in whatever way our imagination impels us, and to being reaped when we are ripe, like the same wheat "[48]

Harvest in Provence[49] is a particularly relaxed version of the harvest paintings.[50] The painting, made just outside Arles, is an example of how Van Gogh used color in full brilliance[51] to depict "the burning brightness of the heat wave." [52] The painting is also called the Grain Harvest of Provence or Corn Harvest of Provence.

In the foreground of Honolulu Museum of Art's Wheat Field are sheaves of harvested wheat. Horizontal bands mark the wheat fields, behind which are trees and houses on the horizon. His work, like that of his friend Paul Gauguin, that emphasized personal expression over literal composition led to the expressionist movement and towards twentieth-century Modernism.[34]


Wheat Stacks with Reaper, 1890, Toledo Museum of Art, Toledo, Ohio (F559)
 

Harvest in Provence, June 1888, Israel Museum, Jerusalem, Israel (F558)
 

Wheat Fields or Wheat Fields with Sheaves, June 1888, Honolulu, Honolulu Museum of Art (F561)
 
Green Ears of Wheat 1888, Israel Museum, Jerusalem,
 

Wheat Fields with Stacks 1888 Private collection (no catalog F number, JH 1478)
 

Wheat Fields, June 1888, P. and N. de Boer Foundation or Van Gogh Museum(F564)[53]
June - complimentary harvest paintings[edit]
Harvest, named by Van Gogh himself, or Harvest at La Crau, with Montmajour in the Background is made in horizontal planes. The harvested wheat lies in the foreground. In the center the activities for harvest are represented by the haystack, ladders, carts and a man with a pitchfork. The background is purple-blue mountains against a turquoise sky. He was interested in depicting "the essence of country life." [54] In June Van Gogh wrote of the landscape at La Crau that it was "beautiful and endless as the sea." One of his most important works, the landscape reminded him of paintings by 17th century Dutch masters, Ruysdael and Philips Koninck.[43] He also compared this work favorably with his painting The White Orchard.[55]

Wheat Stacks in Provence, made about the 12th or 13 June,[56] was intended by Van Gogh to be a complimentary work to the Harvest painting.[57] Ladders appear in both paintings which help to create a pastoral feeling.[58]


Harvest or Harvest at La Crau, with Montmajour in the Background, June 1888, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam, Netherlands (F412)
 

Haystacks near a Farm in Provence, June 1888, Oil on canvas, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F425)
Saint-R my[edit]
In May 1889 Van Gogh voluntarily entered the asylum[59] of St. Paul[60] near Saint-R my in Provence.[61] There Van Gogh had access to an adjacent cell he used as his studio. He was initially confined to the immediate asylum grounds and painted (without the bars) the world he saw from his room, such as ivy covered trees, lilacs, and irises of the garden.[59][62] Through the open bars Van Gogh could also see an enclosed wheat field, subject of many paintings at Saint-R my.[63] As he ventured outside of the asylum walls, he painted the wheat fields, olive groves, and cypress trees of the surrounding countryside,[62] which he saw as "characteristic of Provence." Over the course of the year, he painted about 150 canvases.[59]

The Wheat Field[edit]
Main article: The Wheat Field
Van Gogh worked on a group of paintings "The Wheat Field" that he could see from his cell at Saint-Paul Hospital. From the studio room he could see a field of wheat, enclosed by a wall. Beyond that were the mountains from Arles. During his stay at the asylum he made about twelve paintings of the view of the enclosed wheat field and distant mountains.[64] In May Van Gogh wrote to Theo, "Through the iron-barred window I see a square field of wheat in an enclosure, a perspective like Van Goyen, above which I see the morning sun rising in all its glory."[65] The stone wall, like a picture frame, helped to display the changing colors of the wheat field.[29]


Enclosed Wheat Field with Rising Sun, May 1889, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F720)
 

Green Wheat Field, June 1889, owner unclear, possibly on loan to Kunsthaus Zurich, Zurich (F718)
 

Wheat Field with Reaper and Sun, Late June 1889, Oil on canvas, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F617)
 
Landscape with Wheat Sheaves and Rising Moon, July 1889, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F735)
 

Wheat Field with Reaper, September 1889, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F618)
 

Rain or Enclosed Wheat Field in the Rain, November 1889, Philadelphia Museum of Art, Philadelphia (F650)
Wheat field with cypresses[edit]

Wheat Field with Cypresses, June July 1889, Oil on canvas, 73 x 93.4 cm, Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York (F717)

A Wheat Field, with Cypresses, September 1889, National Gallery, London (F615)
The wheat field with cypresses paintings were made when van Gogh was able to leave the asylum. Van Gogh had a fondness for cypresses and wheat fields of which he wrote: "Only I have no news to tell you, for the days are all the same, I have no ideas, except to think that a field of wheat or a cypress well worth the trouble of looking at closeup."[20]

In early July Van Gogh wrote to his brother Theo of a work he began in June, Wheat Field with Cypresses: "I have a canvas of cypresses with some ears of wheat, some poppies, a blue sky like a piece of Scotch plaid; the former painted with a thick impasto . . . and the wheat field in the sun, which represents the extreme heat, very thick too." Van Gogh who regarded this landscape as one of his "best" summer paintings made two additional oil paintings very similar in composition that fall. One of the two is in a private collection.[66]

London's National Gallery A Wheat Field, with Cypresses painting was made in September[67] which author H.W. Janson describes: "the field is like a stormy sea; the trees spring flamelike from the ground; and the hills and clouds heave with the same surge of motion. Every stroke stands out boldly in a long ribbon of strong, unmixed color."[23]

There is also another version of Wheat Fields with Cypresses made in September with a blue-green sky, reportedly held at the Tate Gallery in London (F743).[68]

Other wheat field paintings[edit]
Van Gogh describes the ripening Green Wheat Field with Cypress painted in June: "a field of wheat turning yellow, surrounded by blackberry bushes and green shrubs. At the end of the field there is a little house with a tall somber cypress which stands out against the far-off hills with their violet-like and bluish tones, and against a sky the colour of forget-me-nots with pink streaks, whose pure hues form a contrast with the scorched ears, which are already heavy, and have the warm tones of a bread crust."[69]

In October Van Gogh made Enclosed Wheat Field with Ploughman.[70]


Green Wheat Field with Cypress, 1889, Narodni Gallery, Prague (F719)
 

Enclosed Field with Peasant, October 1889, Indianapolis Museum of Art, Indianapolis, Indiana
 

Enclosed Wheat Field with Ploughman, October 1889, Museum of Fine Arts, Boston (F706)
Wheat Fields in a Mountainous Landscape, also titled Meadow in the Mountains was painted in Late November - early December 1889.[71]

In November, Wheat Field Behind Saint-Paul was painted by Van Gogh, now owned by Virginia Museum of Fine Arts.[72]


Wheat Fields in a Mountainous Landscape, Late November-Early December 1889, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F721)
 

Wheat Field Behind Saint-Paul, November 1889, Virginia Museum of Fine Arts, Richmond, Virginia (F722)
Auvers-sur-Oise[edit]

Thatched Cottages, 1890, The Hermitage, St. Petersburg, Russia
In May 1890, Van Gogh traveled from Saint-R my to Paris,[73] where he had a three-day stay with his brother, Theo, Theo's wife Johanna and their new baby Vincent. Van Gogh found that unlike his past experiences in Paris, he was no longer used to the commotion of the city[43] and was too agitated to paint. His brother, Theo and artist Camille Pissarro developed a plan for Van Gogh to go to Auvers-sur-Oise with a letter of introduction for Dr. Paul Gachet,[73] a homeopathic physician and art patron who lived in Auvers.[74] Van Gogh had a room at the inn Auberge Ravoux in Auvers[43] and was under the care and supervision of Dr. Gachet with whom he grew to have a close relationship, "something like another brother."[43]

For a time, Van Gogh seemed to improve. He began to paint at such a steady pace, there was barely space in his room for all the finished paintings.[73] From May until his death on July 29, Van Gogh made about 70 paintings, more than one a day, and many drawings.."[75] Van Gogh painted buildings around the town of Auvers, such as The Church at Auvers, portraits, and the nearby fields.[43]

Van Gogh arrived in Auvers in late spring as pea plants and wheat fields on gently sloping hills ripened for harvest. The area bustled as migrant workers from France and Brussels descended on the area for the harvest. Partial to rural life, Van Gogh strongly portrayed the beauty of the Auvers country side. He wrote his brother, "I have one study of old thatched roofs with a field of peas in flower in the foreground and some wheat, the background of hills, a study which I think you will like."[76]

Wheat harvest series[edit]
Van Gogh painted thirteen large canvases of horizontal landscapes of the wheat harvest that occurs in the region from the middle to late July. The series began with Wheat Field under Cloudy Sky then Wheat Field with Crows was painted when the crop was on the verge of harvest. Sheaves of Wheat painted after the harvest and concluding with "Field with Haystacks" (private collection).[77]

Green Wheat Fields or Field with Green Wheat was made in May.[78]

Wheat Field at Auvers with White House [79] was made in June. The painting is mainly a large green field of wheat. In the background is a white house behind a wall and a tree.[80]

The outlying fields of Auvers, setting for Wheat Fields after the Rain (The Plain of Auvers), form a "zig-zag, patchwork pattern," of yellows, blues, and greens.[81] In the last letter that Van Gogh wrote to his mother he described being very calm, something needed for this work, an "immense plain with wheat fields up as far as the hills, boundless as the ocean, delicate yellow, delicate soft green, the delicate purple of a tilled and weeded piece of ground, with the regular speckle of the green of flowering potato plants, everything under a sky of delicate tones of blue, white, pink and violet."[82] This painting was also called Wheat Fields at Auvers Under Clouded Sky.[83]


Field with Green Wheat, 1890, National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C. (F807)
 

Wheat Field at Auvers with White House, June 1890, The Phillips Collection, Washington D.C. (F804)
 

Wheat Fields after the Rain (The Plain of Auvers), July 1890, Carnegie Museum of Art, Pittsburgh, PA (F781)
Van Gogh described Ears of Wheat to painter and friend Paul Gauguin as "nothing more than ears of wheat, green-blue stalks long, ribbon-like leaves, under a sheen of green & pink; ears of wheat, yellowing slightly, with an edge made pale pink by the dusty manner of flowering; at the bottom, a pink bindweed winding round a stalk. I would like to paint portraits against a background that is so lively and yet so still." The painting depicts "the soft rustle of the ears of grain swaying back and forth in the wind." He used the motif as the background to a portrait.[84]

The Fields was painted in July and held in a private collection.[85]

An animated Wheatfield with Cornflowers shows the effect of a gust of wind that ripples through the yellow stalks, seeming to "overflow" into the blue background. The heads of a few stalks of wheat seem to have detached themselves, diving into the blue of the hills in the background.[86]


Ears of Wheat, June 1890, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam, Netherlands (F767)
 

The Fields, July 1890, Private Collection (F761)
 

Wheat Field with Cornflowers, July 1890, Oil on canvas, 60 x 81 cm, Beyeler Foundation, Riehen, Switzerland (F808)
Wheat Fields near Auvers, 1890, owned by  sterreichische Galerie Belvedere, Vienna[87] was also described by van Gogh as a landscape of the vast wheat fields after a rain.[88]

Van Gogh brings the spectator directly into Sheaves of Wheat by filling the picture plane with eight sheaves of wheat, as if seeing it from a worker's perspective. The sheaves, bathed in yellow light, appear to be recently cut. For contrast, Van Gogh uses the complementary, vivid lavender for shadows and earth in the nearby field.[77]


Wheat Fields near Auvers, 1890,  sterreichische Galerie Belvedere, Vienna (F775)
 

Sheaves of Wheat, 1890, Dallas Museum of Art, Dallas, Texas. (F771)
In van Gogh's Wheatfields Under Thunderclouds, also called Wheat Fields Under Clouded Sky, landscape he depicts the loneliness of the countryside and the degree to which it was "healthy and heartening."[89]

The Van Gogh Museum's Wheat Field with Crows was made in July 1890, in the last weeks of Van Gogh s life, many have claimed it was his last work. Others have claimed Tree Roots was his last painting. Wheat Field with Crows, made on an elongated canvas, depicts a dramatic cloudy sky filled with crows over a wheat field.[90] The wind-swept wheat field fills two thirds of the canvas. An empty path pulls the audience into the painting. Jules Michelet, one of Van Gogh's favorite authors, wrote of the crow: "They interest themselves in everything, and observe everything. The ancients, who lived far more completely than ourselves in and with nature, found it no small profit to follow, in a hundred obscure things where human experience as yet affords no light, the directions so prudent and sage a bird." Of making the painting Van Gogh wrote that he did not have a hard time depicting the sadness and emptiness of the painting, which was powerfully offset by the restorative nature of the countryside.[91] Erickson, author of Eternity's Gate: The Spiritual Vision of Vincent van Gogh, cautious of attributing stylistic changes in his work to mental illness, finds the painting expresses both the sorrow and the sense of his life coming to an end.[8] The crows, used by Van Gogh as symbol of death and rebirth or resurrection, visually draw the spectator into the painting. The road, in contrasting colors of red and green, is thought to be a metaphor for a sermon he gave based on Bunyan's "Pilgrim's Progress" where the pilgrim is sorrowful that the road is so long, yet rejoicing because the Eternal City waits at the journey's end.[8]

Wheat Stack Under Clouded Sky also called Haystack under a Rainy Sky, was made July 1890, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F563).[92][93]


Wheatfield Under Thunderclouds, 1890, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam, Netherlands (F778)
 

Wheat Field with Crows, July 1890, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F779)
 

Wheat Stack Under Clouded Sky, July 1890, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo, Netherlands (F563)
Field with Stacks of Grain, at Beyeler Foundation, Riehen, Switzerland (F809) is one of van Gogh s very last paintings, is both more rigid and at the same time more abstract than other paintings of this series, such as Wheatfield with Cornflowers. Two large stacks of wheat fill the painting like "abandoned buildings," seeming to cut off the sky.[86][94]

Wheat Fields with Auvers in the Background also painted in July is part of the Mus e d'Art et d'Histoire collection in Geneva (F801).[95]


Field with Stacks of Grain, July 1890, Beyeler Foundation, Riehen, Switzerland (F809)
 

Wheat Fields with Auvers in the Background, July 1890, Mus e d'Art et d'Histoire, Geneva (F801).
Emotional turmoil[edit]
From Wallace,[73] "But for all his appearance of a renewed well-being his life was very near its end." Illness struck Theo's baby, Vincent. Theo had both health and employment issues; he considered leaving his employer and starting his own business. Gachet, said to have his own eccentricities and neurosis, caused van Gogh concern to which he questioned: "Now when one blind man leads another blind man, don't they both end up in the ditch "[43][73]

After visiting Paris for a family conference, Van Gogh returned to Auvers feeling more bleak. In a letter he wrote, "And the prospect grows darker, I see no future at all."[73]

He later had a period where he said that "the trouble I had in my head has considerably calmed...I am completely absorbed in that immense plain covered with fields of wheat against the hills boundless as the sea in delicate colors of yellow and green, the pale violet of the plowed and weeded earth checkered at regular intervals with the green of the flowering potato plants, everything under a sky of delicate blue, white, pink, and violet. I am almost too calm, a state that is necessary to paint all that."

Four days after completing Wheat Fields after the Rain he shot himself in the Auvers wheat fields. Van Gogh died on July 29, 1890.[81]
Sunflowers (Van Gogh series)
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Sunflowers (series of paintings))
Sunflowers
Fourth version, exhibited at the National Gallery, London: Tourmesols
Vincent Willem van Gogh 127.jpg
Artist  Vincent van Gogh
Year  1888
Type  Oil on canvas
Dimensions  92.1 cm   73 cm (36.2 in   28.7 in)
Sunflowers (original title, in French: Tournesols) are the subject of two series of still life paintings by the Dutch painter Vincent van Gogh. The earlier series executed in Paris in 1887, depicts the flowers lying on the ground, while the second set executed a year later in Arles shows bouquets of sunflowers in a vase. In the artist's mind both sets were linked by the name of his friend Paul Gauguin, who acquired two of the Paris versions. About eight months later Van Gogh hoped to welcome and to impress Gauguin again with Sunflowers, now part of the painted D coration for the Yellow House that he prepared for the guestroom of his home in Arles, where Gauguin was supposed to stay. After Gauguin's departure, Van Gogh imagined the two major versions as wings of the Berceuse Triptych, and finally he included them in his Les XX in Bruxelles exhibit

Contents  [hide] 
1 The Paris Sunflowers
2 The Arles Sunflowers
2.1 The initial versions, August 1888
2.2 The Repetitions, January 1889
2.3 The Berceuse-Triptych
3 Sunflowers, friendship and gratitude
4 Subsequent history
4.1 Provenances
5 Notes
5.1 References
6 External links
The Paris Sunflowers[edit]
See also: Still life paintings by Vincent van Gogh (Paris)
Little is known of van Gogh's activities during the two years he lived with his brother, Theo, in Paris, 1886 1888. The fact that he had painted Sunflowers already is only revealed in the spring of 1889, when Gauguin claimed one of the Arles versions in exchange for studies he had left behind after leaving Arles for Paris. Van Gogh was upset and replied that Gauguin had absolutely no right to make this request: "I am definitely keeping my sunflowers in question. He has two of them already, let that hold him. And if he is not satisfied with the exchange he has made with me, he can take back his little Martinique canvas,[1] and his self-portrait sent me from Brittany,[2] at the same time giving me back both my portrait[3] and the two sunflower canvases which he has taken to Paris. So if he ever broaches this subject again, I've told you just how matters stand."[4]


Sunflowers, study (F.377), Oil on canvas, 21 x 27 cm, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam

Sunflowers (F.375), Oil on canvas, 43.2 x 61 cm, Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York

Sunflowers (F.376), Oil on canvas, 50 x 60.7 cm, Kunstmuseum Bern

Sunflowers (F.452), Oil on canvas, 60   100 cm, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo
F.Numbers refer to De la Faille Catalogue raisonn 
The two Sunflowers in question show two buttons each; one of them was preceded by a small study, and a fourth large canvas combines both compositions.

These were Van Gogh's first paintings with "nothing but sunflowers" yet, he had already included sunflowers in still life and landscape earlier.


Roses and Sunflowers, 1886
Oil on canvas, 50   61 cm
Kunsthalle Mannheim
The Arles Sunflowers[edit]
Now that I hope to live with Gauguin in a studio of our own, I want to make decorations for the studio. Nothing but big flowers.[5]

See Letter 527

Leaving aside the first two versions, all Arlesian Sunflowers are painted on size 30 canvases.

The initial versions, August 1888[edit]
None meets the descriptions supplied by Van Gogh himself in his announcement of the series in every detail. The first version differs in size, is painted on a size 20 canvas not on a size 15 canvas as indicated[6] and all the others differ in the number of flowers depicted from Van Gogh's announcement. The second was evidently enlarged and the initial composition altered by insertion of the two flowers lying in the foreground, center and right.[7] Neither the third nor the fourth shows the dozen or 14 flowers indicated by the artist, but more fifteen or sixteen.[8] These alterations are executed wet-in-wet and therefore considered genuine rework even the more so as they are copied to the repetitions of January 1889; there is no longer a trace of later alterations, at least in this aspect.


Sunflowers (F.453), first version: turquoise background
Oil on canvas, 73.5   60 cm
Private collection
 

Sunflowers (F.459), second version: royal-blue background
Oil on canvas, 98   69 cm
Formerly private collection, Japan, destroyed by fire in World War II on 6 August 1945[9]
 

Sunflowers (F.456), third version: blue green background
Oil on canvas, 91   72 cm
Neue Pinakothek, Munich, Germany
 

Sunflowers (F.454), fourth version: yellow background
Oil on canvas, 92.1   73 cm
National Gallery, London, England
The Repetitions, January 1889[edit]

Sunflowers (F.455), repetition of the 3rd version
Oil on canvas, 92   72.5 cm
Philadelphia Museum of Art, Philadelphia, United States.
 

Sunflowers (F.458), repetition of the 4th version (yellow background)
Oil on canvas, 95   73 cm
Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam, Netherlands.
 

Sunflowers (F.457), replica of the 4th version (yellow green background)
Oil on canvas, 100   76 cm
Sompo Japan Museum of Art, Tokyo, Japan.[10]
Both repetitions of the 4th version are no longer in their original state. In the Amsterdam version a strip of wood was added at the top probably by Van Gogh himself. The Tokyo version, however, was enlarged on all sides with strips of canvas, which were added at a later time presumably by the first owner, Emile Schuffenecker.[11] The series is perhaps Van Gogh's best known and most widely reproduced. In recent years there has been debate regarding the authenticity of one of the paintings, and it has been suggested that this version may have been the work of  mile Schuffenecker or of Paul Gauguin.[12] Most experts, however, conclude that the work is genuine.[13][14]

The Berceuse-Triptych[edit]
In January 1889, when Van Gogh had just finished the first repetitions of the Berceuse and the Sunflowers pendants, he told his brother Theo: "I picture to myself these same canvases between those of the sunflowers, which would thus form torches or candelabra beside them, the same size, and so the whole would be composed of seven or nine canvases."[15] A definite hint for the arrangement of the triptych is supplied by Van Gogh's sketch in a letter of July 1889.[16]


Sketch of the triptych in a letter to Theo.

Sunflowers (London version)

Berceuse (Otterlo version)

Sunflowers (Munich version)
For complete data see previous illustrations
Later that year, Van Gogh selected both versions for his display at Les XX, 1890.

Sunflowers, friendship and gratitude[edit]

Paul Gauguin: The Painter of Sunflowers, 1888.
Van Gogh began painting in late summer 1888 and continued into the following year. One went to decorate his friend Paul Gauguin's bedroom. The paintings show sunflowers in all stages of life, from full bloom to withering. The paintings were considered innovative for their use of the yellow spectrum, partly because newly invented pigments made new colours possible.

In a letter to his brother Theo,[17] Van Gogh wrote:

"It is a kind of painting that rather changes in character, and takes on a richness the longer you look at it. Besides, you know, Gauguin likes them extraordinarily. He said to me among other things   'That...it's...the flower.' You know that the peony is Jeannin's, the hollyhock belongs to Quost, but the sunflower is somewhat my own."

Subsequent history[edit]

Isaac Isra ls: Woman in front of Van Gogh's Sunflowers, 1917. A close friend of Vincent Willem van Gogh, the artist's nephew, Isra ls had a version of the Sunflowers on loan for a while.
On March 31, 1987, even those without interest in art were made aware of van Gogh's Sunflowers series when Japanese insurance magnate Yasuo Goto paid the equivalent of US  39,921,750 for Van Gogh's Still Life: Vase with Fifteen Sunflowers at auction at Christie's London, at the time a record-setting amount for a work of art.[18] The price was over four times the previous record of about  12 million paid for Andrea Mantegna's Adoration of the Magi in 1985. The record was broken a few months later with the purchase of another Van Gogh, Irises, by Alan Bond for  53.9 million at Sotheby's, New York on November 11, 1987.

While it is uncertain whether Yasuo Goto bought the painting himself or on behalf of his company, the Yasuda Fire and Marine Insurance Company of Japan, the painting currently resides at Seiji Togo Yasuda Memorial Museum of Modern Art in Tokyo. After the purchase, a controversy arose whether this is a genuine van Gogh or an Emile Schuffenecker forgery.

Provenances[edit]
Two Paris versions Van Gogh exchanged with Gauguin in December 1887 or January 1888, were both sold to Ambroise Vollard: one in January 1895 and the other in April 1896. The first canvas resided for a short time with F lix Roux, but was reacquired by Vollard and sold to Degas from his estate to Rosenberg, then to Hahnloser and bequested to the Kunstmuseum in Bern. The second was acquired by the Dutch collector Hoogendijk at the sale of his collection by Kann, who ceded the painting to Richard B hler and then via Thannhauser to the Metropolitan Museum in New York.

Two of Van Gogh's Sunflowers paintings never left the artist's estate: the study for one of the Paris versions (F.377) and the repetition of fourth version (F.458). Both are in the possession of the Vincent van Gogh Foundation, established 1962 by Vincent Willem van Gogh, the artist's nephew, and on permanent loan to the Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam.

Five other versions are recorded in the Van Gogh estate papers:[19]

the final Paris version (F.452) in the artist's estate was sold 1909 via C. M. van Gogh, The Hague (J. H. de Bois) to Kr ller-M ller
(F.457) sold 1894 to Emile Schuffenecker. (Tokyo version).
(F.456) sold 1905 via Paul Cassirer to Hugo von Tschudi. (Munich version).
(F.459) sold 1908 C. M. van Gogh (J. H. de Bois), The Hague to Fritz Meyer-Fierz, Z rich (destroyed Japan 1945).
(F.454) sold 1924 via Ernest Brown & Phillips (The Leicester Gallery) to the Tate Gallery; since on permanent loan to the National Gallery, London. (London version).
Two Arles versions left the artist's estate unrecorded:

(F.453) (private collection). Sold 1891 to Octave Mirbeau, Paris, (via Tanguy, Paris) for  12 (about  1,300 in 2013  ). Sold 1996 to a private collector for an undisclosed sum.[20]
(F.455) (Philadelphia version).
The Potato Eaters
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
The Potato Eaters
Dutch: De Aardappeleters
Van-willem-vincent-gogh-die-kartoffelesser-03850.jpg
Artist  Vincent van Gogh
Year  1885
Catalog F82 JH764
Type  Oil on canvas
Dimensions  82 cm   114 cm (32.3 in   44.9 in)
Location  Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam
The Potato Eaters (Dutch: De Aardappeleters) is an oil painting by Dutch artist Vincent van Gogh painted in April 1885 in Nuenen, Netherlands.[1] It is in the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam. A preliminary oil sketch of the painting is at the Kr ller-M ller Museum in Otterlo, and he also made lithographs of the image, which are held in collections including the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Composition
2 Versions
3 Lithograph
4 Influence of the Hague School
5 Theft
6 References
7 Sources
8 External links
Composition[edit]

The Cottage, 1885, Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam (F83). The cottage was home to two families, one of which was the de Groots who were the subjects of The Potato Eaters[2]
During March and the beginning of April 1885 he sketched studies for the painting, and corresponded with his brother Theo, who was not impressed with his current work or the sketches Van Gogh sent him in Paris.[3] He worked on the painting from April 13 until the beginning of May, when it was mostly done except for minor changes which he made with a small brush later the same year.

Van Gogh said he wanted to depict peasants as they really were. He deliberately chose coarse and ugly models, thinking that they would be natural and unspoiled in his finished work: "You see, I really have wanted to make it so that people get the idea that these folk, who are eating their potatoes by the light of their little lamp, have tilled the earth themselves with these hands they are putting in the dish, and so it speaks of manual labor and   that they have thus honestly earned their food. I wanted it to give the idea of a wholly different way of life from ours   civilized people. So I certainly don t want everyone just to admire it or approve of it without knowing why." [4]

Writing to his sister Willemina two years later in Paris, Van Gogh still considered The Potato Eaters his most successful painting: "What I think about my own work is that the painting of the peasants eating potatoes that I did in Nuenen is after all the best thing I did".[5] However, the work was criticized by his friend Anthon van Rappard soon after it was painted. This was a blow to van Gogh's confidence as an emerging artist, and he wrote back to his friend, "you...had no right to condemn my work in the way you did" (July 1885), and later, "I am always doing what I can't do yet in order to learn how to do it." (August 1885).[6]

Versions[edit]

Study for The Potato Eaters, 1885, Kr ller-M ller Museum, Otterlo (F78)
 

Study for The Potato Eaters, 1885, Private collection (F77r)
 

Study for The Potato Eaters
Lithograph[edit]

Lithograph (April 1885), reversed image, Museo Thyssen-Bornemisza, Madrid, Spain
Van Gogh made a lithograph of the composition The Potato Eaters before embarking on the painting proper. He sent impressions to his brother, and in a letter to a friend, wrote that he made the lithograph from memory in the space of a day.[7]

Van Gogh had first experimented with lithography in The Hague in 1882. Though he appreciated small scale graphic work and was an enthusiastic collector of English engravings he worked relatively little in graphic mediums.[8] In a letter dated around 3 December 1882 [9] he remarks

I believe, though, that it would be a great mistake to imagine that such things as, for instance, the print The Grace (a family of woodcutters or peasants at table) were created at a stroke in their final form. No, in most cases the solidity and pith of the small is only obtained through much more serious study than is imagined by those who think lightly of the task of illustrating ...
Anyway, some paintings in their huge frames look very substantial, and later one is surprised when they actually leave behind such an empty and dissatisfied feeling. On the other hand, one overlooks many an unpretentious woodcut or lithograph or etching now and then, but comes back to it and becomes more and more attached to it with time, and senses something great in it.
Influence of the Hague School[edit]
Van Gogh is often associated in people's minds with the Impressionist movement but in fact his artistic roots lay much closer to home in the artists of the Hague School such as Anton Mauve and Jozef Isra ls.

In a letter to his brother Theo written mid-June 1884, Vincent remarks

When I hear you talk about a lot of new names, it s not always possible for me to understand when I ve seen absolutely nothing by them. And from what you said about Impressionism , I ve grasped that it s something different from what I thought it was, but it s still not entirely clear to me what one should understand by it.
But for my part, I find so tremendously much in Isra ls, for instance, that I m not particularly curious about or eager for something different or newer.[10]
Before Vincent painted The Potato Eaters Isra ls had already treated the same subject in his A Peasant Family at the Table[11] and judging from comment in a letter to Theo 11 March 1882 Vincent had seen this (or at least a variation of it) [12] and had been inspired by it to produce his own version of it. Compositionally the two are very similar:in both paintings the composition of the painting is centered by a figure whose back is turned to us.

Theft[edit]
Thieves stole the early version of The Potato Eaters, the Weaver's Interior, and Dried Sunflowers from the Kr ller-M ller Museum in December, 1988. In April, 1989, the thieves returned Weaver's Interior in an attempt to gain a  2.5 million ransom.[13] The police recovered the other two on July 14, 1989; no ransom was paid.[14]

On April 14, 1991, the Vincent van Gogh National Museum was robbed of twenty major paintings including the final version of The Potato Eaters. For unknown reasons, the robbers abandoned the art 35 minutes after the robbery, and the paintings were quickly recovered.[15]

Music
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
For other uses, see Music (disambiguation).
Music
Music lesson Staatliche Antikensammlungen 2421.jpg
A painting on an Ancient Greek vase depicts a music lesson (c. 510 BC).
Medium  Sound and silence
Originating culture Various
Originating era Paleolithic era

American jazz singer and songwriter Billie Holiday in New York City in 1947.

Bonnie Raitt is an American singer, guitar player and piano player. A winner of ten Grammy awards, she is also noted for her slide guitar playing.

Lydia Canaan is a Lebanese singer-songwriter noted for fusing Middle-Eastern quarter notes and microtones with anglophone rock, innovating a unique style of World Music. In 2015, she was listed in the catalog of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum's Library and Archives as the first rock star of the Middle East.

Asha Bhosle is an Indian singer best known as a playback singer in Hindi cinema. In 2011, she was officially acknowledged by the Guinness Book of World Records as the most recorded artist in music history.

Beethoven was an influential composer from the Classical era. This portrait is from 1820.

The Beatles were a four-piece rock band. They are pictured here in 1965, celebrating their Grammy win.
Performing arts
Ballet Circus skills Dance Magic
Mime Music Opera Puppetry
Speech Theatre Ventriloquism
v t e
Music is an art form and cultural activity whose medium is silence and sound. The common elements of music are pitch (which governs melody and harmony), rhythm (and its associated concepts tempo, meter, and articulation), dynamics (loudness and softness), and the sonic qualities of timbre and texture (which are sometimes termed the "color" of a musical sound). Different styles or types of music may emphasize, de-emphasize or omit some of these elements. Music is performed with a vast range of instruments and with vocal techniques ranging from singing to rapping, and there are solely instrumental pieces, solely vocal pieces (such as songs without instrumental accompaniment) and pieces that combine singing and instruments. The word derives from Greek         (mousike; "art of the Muses").[1] In its most general form, the activities describing music as an art form include the production of works of music (songs, tunes, symphonies, and so on), the criticism of music, the study of the history of music, and the aesthetic examination of music. Ancient Greek and Indian philosophers defined music as tones ordered horizontally as melodies and vertically as harmonies. Common sayings such as "the harmony of the spheres" and "it is music to my ears" point to the notion that music is often ordered and pleasant to listen to. However, 20th-century composer John Cage thought that any sound can be music, saying, for example, "There is no noise, only sound."[2]

The creation, performance, significance, and even the definition of music vary according to culture and social context. Indeed, throughout history, some new forms or styles of music have been criticized as "not being music", including Beethoven's Grosse Fuge string quartet in 1825,[3] early jazz in the beginning of the 1900s[4] and hardcore punk in the 1980s.[5] There are many types of music, including popular music, traditional music, art music, music written for religious ceremonies and work songs such as chanteys. Music ranges from strictly organized compositions such as Classical music symphonies from the 1700s and 1800s, through to spontaneously played improvisational music such as jazz, and avant-garde styles of chance based contemporary music from 20th and 21st century.

Music can be divided into genres (e.g., country music) and genres can be further divided into subgenres (e.g., country blues and pop country are two of the many country subgenres), although the dividing lines and relationships between music genres are often subtle, sometimes open to personal interpretation, and occasionally controversial. For example, it can be hard to draw the line between some early 1980s hard rock and heavy metal. Within the arts, music may be classified as a performing art, a fine art or as an auditory art. Music may be played or sung and heard live at a rock concert or orchestra performance, heard live as part of a dramatic work (a music theater show or opera), or it may be recorded and listened to on a radio, MP3 player, CD player, Smartphone or as part of a film or TV show.

In many cultures, music is an important part of people's way of life, as it plays a key role in religious rituals, rite of passage ceremonies (e.g., graduation and marriage), social activities (e.g., dancing) and cultural activities ranging from amateur karaoke singing to playing in an amateur funk band or singing in a community choir. People may make music as a hobby, for example, a teen who plays cello in a youth orchestra, or by working as a professional musician or singer. The music industry includes the individuals who create new songs and musical pieces, such as songwriters and composers; individuals who perform music, which include orchestra, jazz band and rock band musicians, singers and conductors; individuals who record music (music producers and sound engineers) and organize concert tours; and those who sell recordings and sheet music to customers.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Etymology
2 As a form of art or entertainment
2.1 Composition
2.2 Notation
2.3 Improvisation
2.4 Theory
3 Elements of music
3.1 Rudimentary elements of music
3.2 Perceptual elements of music
3.3 Analysis of musical styles
3.4 Description of elements of music
3.4.1 Pitch and melody
3.4.2 Harmony and chords
3.4.3 Rhythm
3.4.4 Texture
3.4.5 Timbre or "tone color"
3.4.6 Expression
3.4.7 Form
4 History
4.1 Prehistoric eras
4.2 Ancient Egypt
4.3 Asian cultures
4.4 References in the Bible
4.5 Antiquity
4.6 Ancient Greece
4.7 The Middle Ages
4.8 The Renaissance
4.9 The Baroque
4.10  Classicism
4.11  Romanticism
4.12  20th- and 21st-century music
5 Performance
5.1 Oral and aural tradition
5.2 Ornamentation
6 Philosophy and aesthetics
7 Psychology
7.1 Cognitive neuroscience of music
7.2 Cognitive musicology
7.3 Psychoacoustics
7.4 Evolutionary musicology
7.5 Culture in music cognition
8 Sociology
9 Media and technology
9.1 Internet
10  Business
11  Education
11.1  Non-professional
11.2  Professional training
11.2.1  Undergraduate
11.2.2  Graduate
11.2.3  Musicology
11.2.4  Music theory
11.2.5  Zoomusicology
11.2.6  Ethnomusicology
12  Music therapy
13  See also
14  References
15  Further reading
16  External links
Etymology

In Greek mythology, the nine muses were the inspiration for many creative endeavors, including the arts.
The word derives from Greek         (mousike; "art of the Muses").[1] In Greek mythology, the nine muses were the goddesses who inspired literature, science, and the arts and who were the source of the knowledge embodied in the poetry, song-lyrics, and myths in the Greek culture. According to the Online Etymological Dictionary, the term "music" is derived from "mid-13c., musike, from Old French musique (12c.) and directly from Latin musica "the art of music," also including poetry (also [the] source of Spanish musica, Italian musica, Old High German mosica, German Musik, Dutch muziek, Danish musik)." This is derived from the "...Greek mousike (techne) "(art) of the Muses," from fem. of mousikos "pertaining to the Muses," from Mousa "Muse" (see muse (n.)). Modern spelling [dates] from [the] 1630s. In classical Greece, [the term "music" refers to] any art in which the Muses presided, but especially music and lyric poetry."[6]

As a form of art or entertainment

Jean-Gabriel Ferlan performing at a 2008 concert at the coll ge-lyc e Saint-Fran ois Xavier
Music is composed and performed for many purposes, ranging from aesthetic pleasure, religious or ceremonial purposes, or as an entertainment product for the marketplace. When music was only available through sheet music scores, such as during the Classical and Romantic eras, music lovers would buy the sheet music of their favourite pieces and songs so that they could perform them at home on the piano. With the advent of sound recording, records of popular songs, rather than sheet music became the dominant way that music lovers would enjoy their favourite songs. With the advent of home tape recorders in the 1980s and digital music in the 1990s, music lovers could make tapes or playlists of their favourite songs and take them with them on a portable cassette player or MP3 player. Some music lovers create mix tapes of their favorite songs, which serve as a "self-portrait, a gesture of friendship, prescription for an ideal party... [and] an environment consisting solely of what is most ardently loved."[7]

Amateur musicians compose and/or perform music for their own pleasure, and derive their income elsewhere. Professional musicians are employed by a range of institutions and organisations, including armed forces (in marching bands, concert bands and popular music groups), churches and synagogues, symphony orchestras, broadcasting or film production companies, and music schools. Professional musicians sometimes work as freelancers or session musicians, seeking contracts and engagements in a variety of settings. There are often many links between amateur and professional musicians. Beginning amateur musicians take lessons with professional musicians. In community settings, advanced amateur musicians perform with professional musicians in a variety of ensembles such as community concert bands and community orchestras.

A distinction is often made between music performed for a live audience and music that is performed in a studio so that it can be recorded and distributed through the music retail system or the broadcasting system. However, there are also many cases where a live performance in front of an audience is also recorded and distributed. Live concert recordings are popular in both classical music and in popular music forms such as rock, where illegally taped live concerts are prized by music lovers. In the jam band scene, live, improvised jam sessions are preferred to studio recordings.

Composition
Main article: Musical composition

People composing music in 2013 using electronic keyboards and computers.

French Baroque music composer Michel Richard Delalande (1657 1726), pen in hand.
"Composition" is the act or practice of creating a song or other piece of music. In many cultures, including Western classical music, the act of composing also includes the creation of music notation, such as a sheet music "score", which is then performed by the composer or other singers or musicians. In popular music and traditional music, the act of composing, which is typically called songwriting, may involve the creation of a basic outline of the song, called the lead sheet, which sets out the melody, lyrics and chord progression. In classical music, the composer typically orchestrates her own compositions, but in musical theatre and in pop music, songwriters may hire an arranger to do the orchestration. In some cases, a songwriter may not use notation at all, and instead compose the song in her mind and then play or record it from memory. In jazz and popular music, notable recordings by influential performers are given the weight that written scores play in classical music.

Even when music is notated relatively precisely, as in classical music, there are many decisions that a performer has to make, because notation does not specify all of the elements of music precisely. The process of deciding how to perform music that has been previously composed and notated is termed "interpretation". Different performers' interpretations of the same work of music can vary widely, in terms of the tempos that are chosen and the playing or singing style or phrasing of the melodies. Composers and songwriters who present their own music are interpreting their songs, just as much as those who perform the music of others. The standard body of choices and techniques present at a given time and a given place is referred to as performance practice, whereas interpretation is generally used to mean the individual choices of a performer.[citation needed]

Although a musical composition often uses musical notation and has a single author, this is not always the case. A work of music can have multiple composers, which often occurs in popular music when a band collaborates to write a song, or in musical theatre, when one person writes the melodies, a second person writes the lyrics, and a third person orchestrates the songs. A piece of music can also be composed with words, images, or computer programs that explain or notate how the singer or musician should create musical sounds. Examples range from avant-garde music that uses graphic notation, to text compositions such as Aus den sieben Tagen, to computer programs that select sounds for musical pieces. Music that makes heavy use of randomness and chance is called aleatoric music, and is associated with contemporary composers active in the 20th century, such as John Cage, Morton Feldman, and Witold Lutos awski. A more commonly-known example of chance-based music is the sound of wind chimes jingling in a breeze.

The study of composition has traditionally been dominated by examination of methods and practice of Western classical music, but the definition of composition is broad enough the creation of popular music and traditional music songs and instrumental pieces and to include spontaneously improvised works like those of free jazz performers and African percussionists such as Ewe drummers.

Notation
Main article: Musical notation

Sheet music is written representation of music. This is a homorhythmic (i.e., hymn-style) arrangement of a traditional piece entitled "Adeste Fideles", in standard two-staff format for mixed voices. About this sound Play (help info)
In the 2000s, music notation typically means the written expression of music notes and rhythms on paper using symbols. When music is written down, the pitches and rhythm of the music, such as the notes of a melody, are notated. Music notation also often provides instructions on how to perform the music. For example, the sheet music for a song may state that the song is a "slow blues" or a "fast swing", which indicates the tempo and the genre. To read music notation, a person must have an understanding of music theory, harmony and the performance practice associated with a particular song or piece's genre.

Written notation varies with style and period of music. In the 2000s, notated music is produced as sheet music or, for individuals with computer scorewriter programs, as an image on a computer screen. In ancient times, music notation was put onto stone or clay tablets. To perform music from notation, a singer or instrumentalist requires an understanding of the rhythmic and pitch elements embodied in the symbols and the performance practice that is associated with a piece of music or a genre. In genres requiring musical improvisation, the performer often plays from music where only the chord changes and form of the song are written, requiring the performer to have a great understanding of the music's structure, harmony and the styles of a particular genre (e.g., jazz or country music).

In Western art music, the most common types of written notation are scores, which include all the music parts of an ensemble piece, and parts, which are the music notation for the individual performers or singers. In popular music, jazz, and blues, the standard musical notation is the lead sheet, which notates the melody, chords, lyrics (if it is a vocal piece), and structure of the music. Fake books are also used in jazz; they may consist of lead sheets or simply chord charts, which permit rhythm section members to improvise an accompaniment part to jazz songs. Scores and parts are also used in popular music and jazz, particularly in large ensembles such as jazz "big bands." In popular music, guitarists and electric bass players often read music notated in tablature (often abbreviated as "tab"), which indicates the location of the notes to be played on the instrument using a diagram of the guitar or bass fingerboard. Tabulature was also used in the Baroque era to notate music for the lute, a stringed, fretted instrument.

Improvisation
Main article: Musical improvisation
Musical improvisation is the creation of spontaneous music, often within (or based on) a pre-existing harmonic framework or chord progression. Improvisation is the act of instantaneous composition by performers, where compositional techniques are employed with or without preparation. Improvisation is a major part of some types of music, such as blues, jazz, and jazz fusion, in which instrumental performers improvise solos, melody lines and accompaniment parts. In the Western art music tradition, improvisation was an important skill during the Baroque era and during the Classical era. In the Baroque era, performers improvised ornaments and basso continuo keyboard players improvised chord voicings based on figured bass notation. In the Classical era, solo performers and singers improvised virtuoso cadenzas during concerts. However, in the 20th and early 21st century, as "common practice" western art music performance became institutionalized in symphony orchestras, opera houses and ballets, improvisation has played a smaller role. At the same time, some modern composers have increasingly included improvisation in their creative work. In Indian classical music, improvisation is a core component and an essential criterion of performances.

Theory
Main article: Music theory
Music theory encompasses the nature and mechanics of music. It often involves identifying patterns that govern composers' techniques and examining the language and notation of music. In a grand sense, music theory distills and analyzes the parameters or elements of music   rhythm, harmony (harmonic function), melody, structure, form, and texture. Broadly, music theory may include any statement, belief, or conception of or about music.[8] People who study these properties are known as music theorists. Some have applied acoustics, human physiology, and psychology to the explanation of how and why music is perceived.

Elements of music
Music has many different fundamentals or elements. Depending on the definition of "element" being used, these can include: pitch, beat or pulse, tempo, rhythm, melody, harmony, texture, style, allocation of voices, timbre or color, dynamics, expression, articulation, form and structure. The elements of music feature prominently in the music curriculums of Australia, UK and USA. All three curriculums identify pitch, dynamics, timbre and texture as elements, but the other identified elements of music are far from universally agreed. Below is a list of the three official versions of the "elements of music":

Australia: pitch, timbre, texture, dynamics and expression, rhythm, form and structure.[9]
UK: pitch, timbre, texture, dynamics, duration, tempo, structure.[10]
USA: pitch, timbre, texture, dynamics, rhythm, form, harmony, style/articulation.[11]
In relation to the UK curriculum, in 2013 the term: "appropriate musical notations" was added to their list of elements and the title of the list was changed from the "elements of music" to the "inter-related dimensions of music". The inter-related dimensions of music are listed as: pitch, duration, dynamics, tempo, timbre, texture, structure and appropriate musical notations.[12]

The phrase "the elements of music" is used in a number of different contexts. The two most common contexts can be differentiated by describing them as the "rudimentary elements of music" and the "perceptual elements of music".

Rudimentary elements of music
In the 1800s, the phrase "the elements of music" and the phrase "the rudiments of music" were used interchangeably.[13][14] The elements described in these documents refer to aspects of music that are needed in order to become a musician, Recent writers such as Estrella [15] seem to be using the phrase "elements of music" in a similar manner. A definition which most accurately reflects this usage is: "the rudimentary principles of an art, science, etc.: the elements of grammar."[16] The UK's curriculum switch to the "inter-related dimensions of music" seems to be a move back to using the rudimentary elements of music.

Perceptual elements of music
Since the emergence of the study of psychoacoustics in the 1930s, most lists of elements of music have related more to how we hear music than how we learn to play it or study it. C.E. Seashore, in his book Psychology of Music,[17] identified four "psychological attributes of sound". These were: "pitch, loudness, time, and timbre" (p. 3). He did not call them the "elements of music" but referred to them as "elemental components" (p. 2). Nonetheless these elemental components link precisely with four of the most common musical elements: "Pitch" and "timbre" match exactly, "loudness" links with dynamics and "time" links with the time-based elements of rhythm, duration and tempo. This usage of the phrase "the elements of music" links more closely with Webster's New 20th Century Dictionary definition of an element as: "a substance which cannot be divided into a simpler form by known methods"[18] and educational institutions' lists of elements align with this list as well.

Writers of lists of "rudimentary elements of music" vary their lists depending on their personal priorities. However, in relation to the perceptual elements of music, it should be possible to identify a list of discrete elements which can be independently manipulated to achieve an intended musical effect. It seems at this stage that there is still research to be done in this area.

Analysis of musical styles

Funk places most of its emphasis on rhythm and groove, with entire songs based around a vamp on a single chord. Pictured are the influential funk musicians George Clinton and Parliament Funkadelic in 2006.
Some styles of music place an emphasis on certain of these fundamentals, while others place less emphasis on certain elements. To give one example, while Bebop-era jazz makes use of very complex chords, including altered dominants and challenging chord progressions, with chords changing two or more times per bar and keys changing several times in a tune, funk places most of its emphasis on rhythm and groove, with entire songs based around a vamp on a single chord. While Romantic era classical music from the mid- to late-1800s makes great use of dramatic changes of dynamics, from whispering pianissimo sections to thunderous fortissimo sections, some entire Baroque dance suites for harpsichord from the early 1700s may use a single dynamic. To give another example, while some art music pieces, such as symphonies are very long, some pop songs are just a few minutes long.

Description of elements of music
Pitch and melody
Pitch is a subjective sensation, reflecting generally the quality that makes it possible to judge musical sounds, notes or tones as "higher" and "lower" in the precise sense associated with musical melodies, basslines and chords, and in the more general sense in which a listener hears a piccolo as higher in pitch than a deep bass drum. Precise pitch can only be determined in sounds that have a frequency that is clear and stable enough to distinguish from noise. For example, it is much easier for listeners to discern the pitch of a single note played on a piano than to try to discern the pitch of a crash cymbal that is struck.


The melody to the traditional song "Pop Goes the Weasel" About this sound Play (help info)
A melody (also called a "tune") is a series of pitches (notes) sounding in succession, often in a rising and falling pattern. The notes of a melody are typically created using pitch systems such as scales or modes. Melodies also often contain notes from the chords used in the song. The melodies in simple folk songs and traditional songs may use only the notes of a single scale, the scale associated with the tonic note or key of a given song. For example, a folk song in the key of C (also referred to as C major) may have a melody that uses only the notes of the C major scale (the individual notes C, D, E,F, G, A, B and C; these are the "white notes" on a piano keyboard. On the other hand, Bebop-era jazz from the 1940s and contemporary music from the 20th and 21st centuries may use melodies with many chromatic notes (i.e., notes in addition to the notes of the major scale; on a piano, a chromatic scale would include all the notes on the keyboard, including the "white notes" and "black notes" and unusual scales, such as the whole tone scale (a whole tone scale in the key of C would contain the notes C, D, E, F , G  and A ). A low, deep musical line played by bass instruments such as double bass, electric bass or tuba is called a bassline.

Harmony and chords

When musicians play three or more different notes at the same time, this creates a chord. In Western music, including classical music, pop music, rock music and many related styles, the most common chords are triads  three notes usually played at the same time. The most commonly used chords are the major chord and the minor chord. An example of a major chord is the three pitches C, E and G. An example of a minor chord is the three pitches A, C and E. (Pictured is a guitar player performing a chord on a guitar).
Harmony refers to the "vertical" sounds of pitches in music, which means pitches that played or sung together at the same time to create a chord. Usually this means the notes are played at the same time, although harmony may also be implied by a melody that outlines a harmonic structure (i.e., by using melody notes that are played one after the other, outlining the notes of a chord). In music written using the system of major-minor tonality ("keys"), which includes most classical music written from 1600 to 1900 and most Western pop, rock and traditional music, the key of a piece determines the scale used, which centres around the "home note" or tonic of the key. Simple classical pieces and many pop and traditional music songs are written so that all the music is in a single key. More complex Classical, pop and traditional music songs and pieces may have two keys (and in some cases three or more keys). Classical music from the Romantic era (written from about 1820-1900) often contains multiple keys, as does jazz, especially Bebop jazz from the 1940s, in which the key or "home note" of a song may change every four bars or even every two bars.

Rhythm
Rhythm is the arrangement of sounds and silences in time. Meter animates time in regular pulse groupings, called measures or bars, which in Western classical, popular and traditional music often group notes in sets of two (e.g., 2/4 time), three (e.g., 3/4 time, also known as Waltz time, or 3/8 time), or four (e.g., 4/4 time). Meters are made easier to hear because songs and pieces often (but not always) place an emphasis on the first beat of each grouping. Notable exceptions exist, such as the backbeat used in much Western pop and rock, in which a song that uses a measure that consists of four beats (called 4/4 time or common time) will have accents on beats two and four, which are typically performed by the drummer on the snare drum, a loud and distinctive-sounding percussion instrument. In pop and rock, the rhythm parts of a song are played by the rhythm section, which includes chord-playing instruments (e.g., electric guitar, acoustic guitar, piano, or other keyboard instruments), a bass instrument (typically electric bass or for some styles such as jazz and bluegrass, double bass) and a drum kit player.

Texture
Musical texture is the overall sound of a piece of music or song. The texture of a piece or sing is determined by how the melodic, rhythmic, and harmonic materials are combined in a composition, thus determining the overall nature of the sound in a piece. Texture is often described in regard to the density, or thickness, and range, or width, between lowest and highest pitches, in relative terms as well as more specifically distinguished according to the number of voices, or parts, and the relationship between these voices (see common types below). For example, a thick texture contains many 'layers' of instruments. One of these layers could be a string section, or another brass. The thickness also is affected by the amount and the richness of the instruments. Texture is commonly described according to the number of and relationship between parts or lines of music:

monophony: a single melody (or "tune") with neither instrumental accompaniment nor a harmony part. A mother singing a lullaby to her baby would be an example.
heterophony: two or more instruments or singers playing/singing the same melody, but with each performer slightly varying the rhythm or speed of the melody, or adding different ornaments to the melody. Two bluegrass fiddlers playing the same traditional fiddle tune together will typically each vary the melody a bit and each add different ornaments.
polyphony: multiple independent melody lines that interweave together, which are sung or played at the same time. Choral music written in the Renaissance music era was typically written in this style. A round, which is a song such as "Row, Row, Row Your Boat", which different groups of singers all start to sing at a different time, is a simple example of polyphony.
homophony: a clear melody accompanied by chords. Most Western popular music songs from the 19th century onward is written in this texture.
Music that contains a large number of independent parts (e.g., a double concerto accompanied by 100 orchestral instruments with many interweaving melodic lines) is generally said to have a "thicker" or "denser" texture than a work with few parts (e.g., a solo flute melody accompanied by a single cello).

Timbre or "tone color"
Timbre, sometimes called "color" or "tone color" is the quality or sound of a voice or instrument.[19] Timbre is what makes a particular musical sound different from another, even when they have the same pitch and loudness. For example, a 440 Hz A note sounds different when it is played on oboe, piano, violin or electric guitar. Even if different players of the same instrument play the same note, their notes might sound different due to differences in instrumental technique (e.g., different embouchures), different types of accessories (e.g., mouthpieces for brass players, reeds for oboe and bassoon players) or strings made out of different materials for string players (e.g., gut strings versus steel strings). Even two instrumentalists playing the same note on the same instrument (one after the other) may sound different due to different ways of playing the instrument (e.g., two string players might hold the bow differently).

The physical characteristics of sound that determine the perception of timbre include the spectrum, envelope and overtones of a note or musical sound. For electric instruments developed in the 20th century, such as electric guitar, electric bass and electric piano, the performer can also change the tone by adjusting equalizer controls, tone controls on the instrument, and by using electronic effects units such as distortion pedals. The tone of the electric Hammond organ is controlled by adjusting drawbars.

Expression

Singers add expression to the melodies they sing using many methods, including changing the tone of their singing, adding vibrato to certain notes, or emphasizing important words in the lyrics.
Expressive qualities are those elements in music that create change in music without changing the main pitches or substantially changing the rhythms of the melody and its accompaniment. Performers, including singers and instrumentalists, can add musical expression to a song or piece by adding phrasing, by adding effects such as vibrato (with voice and some instruments, such as guitar, violin, brass instruments and woodwinds), dynamics (the loudness or softness of piece or a section of it), tempo fluctuations (e.g., ritardando or accelerando, which are, respectively slowing down and speeding up the tempo), by adding pauses or fermatas on a cadence, and by changing the articulation of the notes (e.g., making notes more pronounced or accented, by making notes more legato, which means smoothly connected, or by making notes shorter).

Form

Sheet music notation for the chorus (refrain) of the Christmas song "Jingle Bells" About this sound Play (help info)
In music, form describes how the overall structure or plan of a song or piece of music,[20] and it describes the layout of a composition as divided into sections.[21] In the early 20th century, Tin Pan Alley songs and Broadway musical songs were often in AABA 32 bar form, in which the A sections repeated the same eight bar melody and the B section provided a contrasting melody and/or harmony for 8 bars. From the 1960s onward, Western pop and rock songs are often in verse-chorus form, which is based around a sequence of verse and chorus ("refrain") sections, with new lyrics for most verses and repeating lyrics for the choruses. Popular music often makes use of strophic form, sometimes in conjunction with the twelve bar blues.[citation needed]

In the tenth edition of The Oxford Companion to Music, Percy Scholes defines musical form as "a series of strategies designed to find a successful mean between the opposite extremes of unrelieved repetition and unrelieved alteration."[22] Examples of common forms of Western music include the fugue, the invention, sonata-allegro, canon, strophic, theme and variations, and rondo. Scholes states that European classical music had only six stand-alone forms: simple binary, simple ternary, compound binary, rondo, air with variations, and fugue (although musicologist Alfred Mann emphasized that the fugue is primarily a method of composition that has sometimes taken on certain structural conventions.[23])

Where a piece cannot readily be broken down into sectional units (though it might borrow some form from a poem, story or programme), it is said to be through-composed. Such is often the case with a fantasia, prelude, rhapsody, etude (or study), symphonic poem, Bagatelle, impromptu, etc.[citation needed] Professor Charles Keil classified forms and formal detail as "sectional, developmental, or variational."[24]

Sectional form
This form is built from a sequence of clear-cut units[25] that may be referred to by letters but also often have generic names such as introduction and coda, exposition, development and recapitulation, verse, chorus or refrain, and bridge. Introductions and codas, when they are no more than that, are frequently excluded from formal analysis. All such units may typically be eight measures long. Sectional forms include:

Strophic form
Main article: Strophic form
This form is defined by its "unrelieved repetition" (AAAA...).

Medley
Medley, potpourri is the extreme opposite, that of "unrelieved variation": it is simply an indefinite sequence of self-contained sections (ABCD...), sometimes with repeats (AABBCCDD...). Examples include orchestral overtures, which are sometimes no more than a string of the best tunes of the musical theatre show or opera to come.

Binary form
Main article: Binary form

Binary form in major and minor keys. Each section must be at least three phrases long.[26]
This form uses two sections (AB...), each often repeated (AABB...). In 18th-century western classical music, "simple binary" form was often used for dances and carried with it the convention that the two sections should be in different musical keys but same rhythm, duration and tone. The alternation of two tunes gives enough variety to permit a dance to be extended for as long as desired.

Ternary form
Main article: Ternary form
This form has three parts. In Western classical music a simple ternary form has a third section that is a recapitulation of the first (ABA). Often, the first section is repeated (AABA). This approach was popular in the 18th-century operatic aria,[citation needed] and was called da capo (i.e. "repeat from the top") form. Later, it gave rise to the 32-bar song, with the B section then often referred to as the "middle eight". A song has more need than a dance of a self-contained form with a beginning and an end of course.

Rondo form
Main article: Rondo form
This form has a recurring theme alternating with different (usually contrasting) sections called "episodes". It may be asymmetrical (ABACADAEA) or symmetrical (ABACABA). A recurring section, especially the main theme, is sometimes more thoroughly varied, or else one episode may be a "development" of it. A similar arrangement is the ritornello form of the Baroque concerto grosso. Arch form (ABCBA) resembles a symmetrical rondo without intermediate repetitions of the main theme. It is normally used in a round.

Variational form
Main article: Variation (music)
Variational forms are those in which variation is an important formative element.

Theme and Variations: a theme, which in itself can be of any shorter form (binary, ternary, etc.), forms the only "section" and is repeated indefinitely (as in strophic form) but is varied each time (A,B,A,F,Z,A), so as to make a sort of sectional chain form. An important variant of this, much used in 17th-century British music and in the Passacaglia and Chaconne, was that of the ground bass - a repeating bass theme or basso ostinato over and around which the rest of the structure unfolds, often, but not always, spinning polyphonic or contrapuntal threads, or improvising divisions and descants. This is said by Scholes (1977) to be the form par excellence of unaccompanied or accompanied solo instrumental music. The Rondo is often found with sections varied (AA1BA2CA3BA4) or (ABA1CA2B1A).

Developmental form
Main article: Musical development
Developmental forms are built directly from smaller units, such as motifs. A well-known Classical piece with a motif is Beethoven's fifth symphony, which starts with three short repeated notes and then a long note. In Classical pieces that are based on motifs, the motif is usually combined, varied and worked out in different ways, perhaps having a symmetrical or arch-like underpinning and a progressive development from beginning to end. By far the most important developmental form in Western classical music is Sonata form. This form, also known as sonata form, first movement form, compound binary, ternary and a variety of other names,[example needed] developed from the binary-formed dance movement described above but is almost always cast in a greater ternary form having the nominal subdivisions of Exposition, Development and Recapitulation. Usually, but not always, the "A" parts (Exposition and Recapitulation, respectively) may be subdivided into two or three themes or theme groups which are taken asunder and recombined to form the "B" part (the development) - thus e. g. (AabB[dev. of a and/or b]A1ab1+coda). This developmental form is generally confined to certain sections of the piece, as to the middle section of the first movement of a sonata, though nineteenth-century composers such as Berlioz, Liszt and Wagner made valiant efforts to derive large-scale works purely or mainly from the motif.

History
Further information: History of music
Prehistoric eras
Main article: Prehistoric music

A bone flute which is over 41,000 years old.
Prehistoric music can only be theorized based on findings from paleolithic archaeology sites. Flutes are often discovered, carved from bones in which lateral holes have been pierced; these are thought to have been blown at one end like the Japanese shakuhachi. The Divje Babe flute, carved from a cave bear femur, is thought to be at least 40,000 years old. Instruments such as the seven-holed flute and various types of stringed instruments, such as the Ravanahatha, have been recovered from the Indus Valley Civilization archaeological sites.[27] India has one of the oldest musical traditions in the world references to Indian classical music (marga) are found in the Vedas, ancient scriptures of the Hindu tradition.[28] The earliest and largest collection of prehistoric musical instruments was found in China and dates back to between 7000 and 6600 BC.[29] The Hurrian song, found on clay tablets that date back to approximately 1400 BC, is the oldest surviving notated work of music.

Ancient Egypt
Main article: Music of Egypt

Musicians of Amun, Tomb of Nakht, 18th Dynasty, Western Thebes
The ancient Egyptians credited one of their gods, Thoth, with the invention of music, with Osiris in turn used as part of his effort to civilize the world. The earliest material and representational evidence of Egyptian musical instruments dates to the Predynastic period, but the evidence is more securely attested in the Old Kingdom when harps, flutes and double clarinets were played.[30] Percussion instruments, lyres and lutes were added to orchestras by the Middle Kingdom. Cymbals[31] frequently accompanied music and dance, much as they still do in Egypt today. Egyptian folk music, including the traditional Sufi dhikr rituals, are the closest contemporary music genre to ancient Egyptian music, having preserved many of its features, rhythms and instruments.[32][33]

Asian cultures

Indian women dressed in regional attire playing a variety of musical instruments popular in different parts of India
Gangubai Hangal
Durga

See also: Music of Iran, Music of Afghanistan, Music of Tajikistan, Music of Sri Lanka, and Music of Uzbekistan
Indian classical music is one of the oldest musical traditions in the world.[34] The Indus Valley civilization has sculptures that show dance[35] and old musical instruments, like the seven holed flute. Various types of stringed instruments and drums have been recovered from Harappa and Mohenjo Daro by excavations carried out by Sir Mortimer Wheeler.[36] The Rigveda has elements of present Indian music, with a musical notation to denote the metre and the mode of chanting.[37] Indian classical music (marga) is monophonic, and based on a single melody line or raga rhythmically organized through talas. Silappadhikaram by Ilango Adigal provides information about how new scales can be formed by modal shifting of the tonic from an existing scale.[38] Hindustani music was influenced by the Persian performance practices of the Afghan Mughals. Carnatic music, popular in the southern states, is largely devotional; the majority of the songs are addressed to the Hindu deities. There are also many songs emphasising love and other social issues.

Asian music covers the music cultures of Arabia, Central Asia, East Asia, South Asia, and Southeast Asia. Chinese classical music, the traditional art or court music of China, has a history stretching over around three thousand years. It has its own unique systems of musical notation, as well as musical tuning and pitch, musical instruments and styles or musical genres. Chinese music is pentatonic-diatonic, having a scale of twelve notes to an octave (5 + 7 = 12) as does European-influenced music. Persian music is the music of Persia and Persian language countries: musiqi, the science and art of music, and muzik, the sound and performance of music (Sakata 1983).

References in the Bible
Main article: History of music in the biblical period

"David with his harp" Paris Psalter,
c. 960, Constantinople
Music and theatre scholars studying the history and anthropology of Semitic and early Judeo-Christian culture have discovered common links in theatrical and musical activity between the classical cultures of the Hebrews and those of later Greeks and Romans. The common area of performance is found in a "social phenomenon called litany," a form of prayer consisting of a series of invocations or supplications. The Journal of Religion and Theatre notes that among the earliest forms of litany, "Hebrew litany was accompanied by a rich musical tradition:"[39]

"While Genesis 4.21 identifies Jubal as the "father of all such as handle the harp and pipe," the Pentateuch is nearly silent about the practice and instruction of music in the early life of Israel. Then, in I Samuel 10 and the texts that follow, a curious thing happens. "One finds in the biblical text," writes Alfred Sendrey, "a sudden and unexplained upsurge of large choirs and orchestras, consisting of thoroughly organized and trained musical groups, which would be virtually inconceivable without lengthy, methodical preparation." This has led some scholars to believe that the prophet Samuel was the patriarch of a school, which taught not only prophets and holy men, but also sacred-rite musicians. This public music school, perhaps the earliest in recorded history, was not restricted to a priestly class which is how the shepherd boy David appears on the scene as a minstrel to King Saul."[39]
Antiquity
Major ancient Western cultures have had a major influence on the development of music. The history of the music of the Western cultures can be traced back to Ancient Greek times. Ancient Greek society produced the first Western philosophers, some of whom wrote theories about music. Music was an important part of Ancient Greek society. Ancient Greek culture in turn, influenced the Ancient Roman culture.

Ancient Greece
Music was an important part of social and cultural life in Ancient Greece. Musicians and singers played a prominent role in Greek theater.[40] Mixed-gender choruses performed for entertainment, celebration, and spiritual ceremonies.[41] Instruments included the double-reed aulos and a plucked string instrument, the lyre, principally the special kind called a kithara. Music was an important part of education, and boys were taught music starting at age six. Greek musical literacy created a flowering of music development. Greek music theory included the Greek musical modes, that eventually became the basis for Western religious and classical music. Later, influences from the Roman Empire, Eastern Europe, and the Byzantine Empire changed Greek music. The Seikilos epitaph is the oldest surviving example of a complete musical composition, including musical notation, from anywhere in the world.

The first work written on the subject of music theory is Harmonika Stoicheia.[42]

The Middle Ages
L onin or P rotin
Breves dies hominis


Musical notation from a Catholic Missal, c.1310-1320
The medieval era (476 to 1400), which took place during the Middle Ages, started with the introduction of monophonic (single melodic line) chanting into Roman Catholic Church services. Musical notation was used since Ancient times in Greek culture, but in the Middle Ages, notation was first introduced by the Catholic church so that the chant melodies could be written down, to facilitate the use of the same melodies for religious music across the entire Catholic empire. The only European Medieval repertory that has been found in written form from before 800 is the monophonic liturgical plainsong chant of the Roman Catholic Church, the central tradition of which was called Gregorian chant. Alongside these traditions of sacred and church music there existed a vibrant tradition of secular song (non-religious songs). Examples of composers from this period are L onin, P rotin and Guillaume de Machaut.

The Renaissance
T.L. de Victoria
Amicus meus


Allegory of Music, by Filippino Lippi
Renaissance music (c. 1400 to 1600) was more focused on secular (non-religious) themes, such as courtly love. Around 1450, the printing press was invented, which made printed sheet music much less expensive and easier to mass-produce (prior to the invention of the printing press, all notated music was hand-copied). The increased availability of sheet music helped to spread musical styles more quickly and across a larger area. Musicians and singers often worked for the church, courts and towns. Church choirs grew in size, and the church remained an important patron of music. By the middle of the 15th century, composers wrote richly polyphonic sacred music, in which different melody lines were interwoven simultaneously. Prominent composers from this era include Guillaume Dufay, Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina, Thomas Morley, and Orlande de Lassus. As musical activity shifted from the church to the aristocratic courts, kings, queens and princes competed for the finest composers.

Many leading important composers came from the Netherlands, Belgium, and northern France. They are called the Franco-Flemish composers. They held important positions throughout Europe, especially in Italy. Other countries with vibrant musical activity included Germany, England, and Spain.

The Baroque
J.S. Bach
Toccata and Fugue

The Baroque era of music took place from 1600 to 1750, as the Baroque artistic style flourished across Europe; and during this time, music expanded in its range and complexity. Baroque music began when the first operas (dramatic vocal music accompanied by orchestra) were written and when contrapuntal music, in which multiple, independent melody lines were used, became prevalent. German Baroque composers wrote for small ensembles including strings, brass, and woodwinds, as well as choirs, pipe organ, harpsichord, and clavichord. During this period several major music forms were defined that lasted into later periods when they were expanded and evolved further, including the fugue, the invention, the sonata, and the concerto.[43] The late Baroque style was polyphonically complex and richly ornamented. Composers from the Baroque era include Johann Sebastian Bach, George Frideric Handel, Georg Philipp Telemann and Vivaldi.

Classicism
W.A. Mozart
Symphony 40 g-moll


Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (seated at the keyboard) was a child prodigy virtuoso performer on the piano and violin. Even before he became a celebrated composer, he was widely known as a gifted performer and improviser.
The music of the Classical period (1730 to 1820) aimed to imitate what were seen as the key elements of the art and philosophy of Ancient Greece and Rome: the ideals of balance, proportion and disciplined expression. (Note: the music from the Classical period should not be confused with Classical music in general, a term which refers to Western art music from the fifth century to the 2000s, which includes the Classical period as one of a number of periods). Music from the Classical period has a lighter, clearer and considerably simpler texture than the Baroque music which preceded it. The main style was homophony,[44] where a prominent melody and a subordinate chordal accompaniment part are clearly distinct. Classical instrumental melodies tended to be almost voicelike and singable. New genres were developed, and the fortepiano, the forerunner to the modern piano, replaced the Baroque era harpsichord and pipe organ as the main keyboard instrument.

Importance was given to instrumental music. It was dominated by further development of musical forms initially defined in the Baroque period: the sonata, the concerto, and the symphony. Others main kinds were the trio, string quartet, serenade and divertimento. The sonata was the most important and developed form. Although Baroque composers also wrote sonatas, the Classical style of sonata is completely distinct. All of the main instrumental forms of the Classical era, from string quartets to symphonies and concertos, were based on the structure of the sonata. The instruments used chamber music and orchestra became more standardized. In place of the basso continuo group of the Baroque era, which consisted of harpsichord, organ or lute along with a number of bass instruments selected at the discretion of the group leader (e.g., viol, cello, theorbo, serpent), Classical chamber groups used specified, standardized instruments (e.g., a string quartet would be performed by two violins, a viola and a cello). The Baroque era improvised chord-playing of the continuo keyboardist or lute player was gradually phased out between 1750 and 1800.

One of the most important changes made in the Classical period was the development of public concerts. The aristocracy still played a significant role in the sponsorship of concerts and compositions, but it was now possible for composers to survive without being permanent employees of queens or princes. The increasing popularity of classical music led to a growth in the number and types of orchestras. The expansion of orchestral concerts necessitated the building of large public performance spaces. Symphonic music including symphonies, musical accompaniment to ballet and mixed vocal/instrumental genres such as opera and oratorio became more popular.

The best known composers of Classicism are Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach, Christoph Willibald Gluck, Johann Christian Bach, Joseph Haydn, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Ludwig van Beethoven and Franz Schubert. Beethoven and Schubert are also considered to be composers in the later part of the Classical era, as it began to move towards Romanticism.

Romanticism

The piano was the centrepiece of social activity for middle class urbanites in the 19th century (Moritz von Schwind, 1868). The man at the piano is composer Franz Schubert.
R. Wagner
Die Walk re

Romantic music (c. 1810 to 1900) from the nineteenth century had many elements in common with the Romantic styles in literature and painting of the era. Romanticism was an artistic, literary, and intellectual movement was characterized by its emphasis on emotion and individualism as well as glorification of all the past and nature. Romantic music expanded beyond the rigid styles and forms of the Classical era into more passionate, dramatic expressive pieces and songs. Romantic composers such as Wagner and Brahms attempted to increase emotional expression and power in their music to describe deeper truths or human feelings. With symphonic tone poems, composers tried to tell stories and evoke images or landscapes using instrumental music. Some composers promoted nationalistic pride with patriotic orchestral music inspired by folk music. The emotional and expressive qualities of music came to take precedence over tradition.

Romantic composers grew in idiosyncrasy, and went further in the syncretism of exploring different art-forms in a musical context, (such as literature), history (historical figures and legends), or nature itself. Romantic love or longing was a prevalent theme in many works composed during this period. In some cases the formal structures from the classical period continued to be used (e.g., the sonata form used in string quartets and symphonies), but these forms were expanded and altered. In many cases, new approaches were explored for existing genres, forms, and functions. Also, new forms were created that were deemed better suited to the new subject matter. Composers continued to develop opera and ballet music, exploring new styles and themes.[40]

In the years after 1800, the music developed by Ludwig van Beethoven and Franz Schubert introduced a more dramatic, expressive style. In Beethoven's case, short motifs, developed organically, came to replace melody as the most significant compositional unit (an example is the distinctive four note figure used in his Fifth Symphony). Later Romantic composers such as Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Anton n Dvo  k, and Gustav Mahler used more unusual chords and more dissonance to create dramatic tension. They generated complex and often much longer musical works. During the late Romantic period, composers explored dramatic chromatic alterations of tonality, such as extended chords and altered chords, which created new sound "colours". The late 19th century saw a dramatic expansion in the size of the orchestra, and the industrial revolution helped to create better instruments, creating a more powerful sound. Public concerts became an important part of well-to-do urban society. It also saw a new diversity in theatre music, including operetta, and musical comedy and other forms of musical theatre.[40]

20th- and 21st-century music
Main article: 20th-century music

A jazz group consisting of double bassist Reggie Workman, tenor saxophone player Pharoah Sanders, and drummer Idris Muhammad, performing in 1978
In the 19th century, one of the key ways that new compositions became known to the public was by the sales of sheet music, which middle class amateur music lovers would perform at home on their piano or other common instruments, such as violin. With 20th-century music, the invention of new electric technologies such as radio broadcasting and the mass market availability of gramophone records meant that sound recordings of songs and pieces heard by listeners (either on the radio or on their record player) became the main way to learn about new songs and pieces. There was a vast increase in music listening as the radio gained popularity and phonographs were used to replay and distribute music, because whereas in the 19th century, the focus on sheet music restricted access to new music to the middle class and upper class people who could read music and who owned pianos and instruments. In the 20th century, anyone with a radio or record player could hear operas, symphonies and big bands right in their own living room. This allowed lower-income people, who would never be able to afford an opera or symphony concert ticket to hear this music. It also meant that people could hear music from different parts of the country, or even different parts of the world, even if they could not afford to travel to these locations. This helped to spread musical styles.

The focus of art music in the 20th century was characterized by exploration of new rhythms, styles, and sounds. The horrors of World War I influenced many of the arts, including music, and some composers began exploring darker, harsher sounds. Traditional music styles such as jazz and folk music were used by composers as a source of ideas for classical music. Igor Stravinsky, Arnold Schoenberg, and John Cage were all influential composers in 20th-century art music. The invention of sound recording and the ability to edit music gave rise to new subgenre of classical music, including the acousmatic[45] and Musique concr te schools of electronic composition. Sound recording was also a major influence on the development of popular music genres, because it enabled recordings of songs and bands to be widely distributed. The introduction of the multitrack recording system had a major influence on rock music, because it could do much more than record a band's performance. Using a multitrack system, a band and their music producer could overdub many layers of instrument tracks and vocals, creating new sounds that would not be possible in a live performance.

Jazz evolved and became an important genre of music over the course of the 20th century, and during the second half of that century, rock music did the same. Jazz is an American musical artform that originated in the beginning of the 20th century in African American communities in the Southern United States from a confluence of African and European music traditions. The style's West African pedigree is evident in its use of blue notes, improvisation, polyrhythms, syncopation, and the swung note.[46] From its early development until the present, jazz has also incorporated music from 19th- and 20th-century American popular music.[47] Jazz has, from its early-20th-century inception, spawned a variety of subgenres, ranging from New Orleans Dixieland (1910s) to 1970s and 1980s-era jazz-rock fusion.

Rock music is a genre of popular music that developed in the 1960s from 1950s rock and roll, rockabilly, blues, and country music.[48] The sound of rock often revolves around the electric guitar or acoustic guitar, and it uses a strong back beat laid down by a rhythm section of electric bass guitar, drums, and keyboard instruments such as organ, piano, or, since the 1970s, analog synthesizers and digital ones and computers since the 1990s. Along with the guitar or keyboards, saxophone and blues-style harmonica are used as soloing instruments. In its "purest form," it "has three chords, a strong, insistent back beat, and a catchy melody."[49] In the late 1960s and early 1970s, it branched out into different subgenres, ranging from blues rock and jazz-rock fusion to heavy metal and punk rock, as well as the more classical influenced genre of progressive rock and several types of experimental rock genres.

Performance
Main article: Performance

Chinese Naxi musicians

Assyrians playing zurna and Davul, the instruments that go back thousands of years.
Performance is the physical expression of music, which occurs when a song is sung or when a piano piece, electric guitar melody, symphony, drum beat or other musical part is played by musicians. In classical music, a musical work is written in music notation by a composer and then it is performed once the composer is satisfied with its structure and instrumentation. However, as it gets performed, the interpretation of a song or piece can evolve and change. In classical music, instrumental performers, singers or conductors may gradually make changes to the phrasing or tempo of a piece. In popular and traditional music, the performers have a lot more freedom to make changes to the form of a song or piece. As such, in popular and traditional music styles, even when a band plays a cover song, they can make changes to it such as adding a guitar solo to or inserting an introduction.

A performance can either be planned out and rehearsed (practiced) which is the norm in classical music, with jazz big bands and many popular music styles or improvised over a chord progression (a sequence of chords), which is the norm in small jazz and blues groups. Rehearsals of orchestras, concert bands and choirs are led by a conductor. Rock, blues and jazz bands are usually led by the bandleader. A rehearsal is a structured repetition of a song or piece by the performers until it can be sung and/or played correctly and, if it is a song or piece for more than one musician, until the parts are together from a rhythmic and tuning perspective. Improvisation is the creation of a musical idea a melody or other musical line created on the spot, often based on scales or pre-existing melodic riffs.

Many cultures have strong traditions of solo performance (in which one singer or instrumentalist performs), such as in Indian classical music, and in the Western art-music tradition. Other cultures, such as in Bali, include strong traditions of group performance. All cultures include a mixture of both, and performance may range from improvised solo playing to highly planned and organised performances such as the modern classical concert, religious processions, classical music festivals or music competitions. Chamber music, which is music for a small ensemble with only a few of each type of instrument, is often seen as more intimate than large symphonic works.

Oral and aural tradition
Many types of music, such as traditional blues and folk music were not written down in sheet music; instead, they were originally preserved in the memory of performers, and the songs were handed down orally, from one musician or singer to another, or aurally, in which a performer learns a song "by ear". When the composer of a song or piece is no longer known, this music is often classified as "traditional" or as a "folk song". Different musical traditions have different attitudes towards how and where to make changes to the original source material, from quite strict, to those that demand improvisation or modification to the music. A culture's history and stories may also be passed on by ear through song.

Ornamentation
Main article: Ornament (music)

In a score or on a performer's music part, this sign indicates that the musician should perform a trill a rapid alternation between two notes. About this sound Play (help info)
In music, an "ornament" is a decoration to a melody, bassline or other musical part. The detail included explicitly in the music notation varies between genres and historical periods. In general, art music notation from the 17th through the 19th century required performers to have a great deal of contextual knowledge about performing styles. For example, in the 17th and 18th century, music notated for solo performers typically indicated a simple, unadorned melody. However, performers were expected to know how to add stylistically appropriate ornaments to add interest to the music, such as trills and turns.

In the 19th century, art music for solo performers may give a general instruction such as to perform the music expressively, without describing in detail how the performer should do this. The performer was expected to know how to use tempo changes, accentuation, and pauses (among other devices) to obtain this "expressive" performance style. In the 20th century, art music notation often became more explicit and used a range of markings and annotations to indicate to performers how they should play or sing the piece.

In popular music and jazz, music notation almost always indicates only the basic framework of the melody, harmony, or performance approach; musicians and singers are expected to know the performance conventions and styles associated with specific genres and pieces. For example, the "lead sheet" for a jazz tune may only indicate the melody and the chord changes. The performers in the jazz ensemble are expected to know how to "flesh out" this basic structure by adding ornaments, improvised music, and chordal accompaniment.

Philosophy and aesthetics
Main articles: Philosophy of music and Aesthetics of music

A painting by Boldini of a woman playing the piano.
Philosophy of music is a subfield of philosophy. The philosophy of music is the study of fundamental questions regarding music. The philosophical study of music has many connections with philosophical questions in metaphysics and aesthetics. Some basic questions in the philosophy of music are:

What is the definition of music  (What are the necessary and sufficient conditions for classifying something as music )
What is the relationship between music and mind 
What does musical history reveal to us about the world 
What is the connection between music and emotions 
What is meaning in relation to music 
In ancient times, such as with the Ancient Greeks, the aesthetics of music explored the mathematical and cosmological dimensions of rhythmic and harmonic organization. In the eighteenth century, focus shifted to the experience of hearing music, and thus to questions about its beauty and human enjoyment (plaisir and jouissance) of music. The origin of this philosophic shift is sometimes attributed to Baumgarten in the 18th century, followed by Kant. Through their writing, the ancient term 'aesthetics', meaning sensory perception, received its present-day connotation. In the 2000s, philosophers have tended to emphasize issues besides beauty and enjoyment. For example, music's capacity to express emotion has been a central issue.

In the 20th century, important contributions were made by Peter Kivy, Jerrold Levinson, Roger Scruton, and Stephen Davies. However, many musicians, music critics, and other non-philosophers have contributed to the aesthetics of music. In the 19th century, a significant debate arose between Eduard Hanslick, a music critic and musicologist, and composer Richard Wagner regarding whether music can express meaning. Harry Partch and some other musicologists, such as Kyle Gann, have studied and tried to popularize microtonal music and the usage of alternate musical scales. Also many modern composers like La Monte Young, Rhys Chatham and Glenn Branca paid much attention to a scale called just intonation.

It is often thought that music has the ability to affect our emotions, intellect, and psychology; it can assuage our loneliness or incite our passions. The philosopher Plato suggests in the Republic that music has a direct effect on the soul. Therefore, he proposes that in the ideal regime music would be closely regulated by the state. (Book VII)

There has been a strong tendency in the aesthetics of music to emphasize the paramount importance of compositional structure; however, other issues concerning the aesthetics of music include lyricism, harmony, hypnotism, emotiveness, temporal dynamics, resonance, playfulness, and color (see also musical development).

Psychology
Main article: Music psychology
Modern music psychology aims to explain and understand musical behavior and experience.[50] Research in this field and its subfields are primarily empirical; their knowledge tends to advance on the basis of interpretations of data collected by systematic observation of and interaction with human participants. In addition to its focus on fundamental perceptions and cognitive processes, music psychology is a field of research with practical relevance for many areas, including music performance, composition, education, criticism, and therapy, as well as investigations of human aptitude, skill, intelligence, creativity, and social behavior.

Cognitive neuroscience of music
Main article: Cognitive neuroscience of music

The primary auditory cortex is one of the main areas associated with superior pitch resolution.
Cognitive neuroscience of music is the scientific study of brain-based mechanisms involved in the cognitive processes underlying music. These behaviours include music listening, performing, composing, reading, writing, and ancillary activities. It also is increasingly concerned with the brain basis for musical aesthetics and musical emotion. The field is distinguished by its reliance on direct observations of the brain, using such techniques as functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), magnetoencephalography (MEG), electroencephalography (EEG), and positron emission tomography (PET).

Cognitive musicology
Main article: Cognitive musicology
Cognitive musicology is a branch of cognitive science concerned with computationally modeling musical knowledge with the goal of understanding both music and cognition.[51] The use of computer models provides an exacting, interactive medium in which to formulate and test theories and has roots in artificial intelligence and cognitive science.[52]

This interdisciplinary field investigates topics such as the parallels between language and music in the brain. Biologically inspired models of computation are often included in research, such as neural networks and evolutionary programs.[53] This field seeks to model how musical knowledge is represented, stored, perceived, performed, and generated. By using a well-structured computer environment, the systematic structures of these cognitive phenomena can be investigated.[54]

Psychoacoustics
Main article: Psychoacoustics
Further information: Hearing (sense)
Psychoacoustics is the scientific study of sound perception. More specifically, it is the branch of science studying the psychological and physiological responses associated with sound (including speech and music). It can be further categorized as a branch of psychophysics.

Evolutionary musicology
Main article: Evolutionary musicology
Evolutionary musicology concerns the "origins of music, the question of animal song, selection pressures underlying music evolution", and "music evolution and human evolution".[55] It seeks to understand music perception and activity in the context of evolutionary theory. Charles Darwin speculated that music may have held an adaptive advantage and functioned as a protolanguage,[56] a view which has spawned several competing theories of music evolution.[57][58][59] An alternate view sees music as a by-product of linguistic evolution; a type of "auditory cheesecake" that pleases the senses without providing any adaptive function.[60] This view has been directly countered by numerous music researchers.[61][62][63]

Culture in music cognition
Main article: Culture in music cognition
See also: Ethnomusicology
An individual's culture or ethnicity plays a role in their music cognition, including their preferences, emotional reaction, and musical memory. Musical preferences are biased toward culturally familiar musical traditions beginning in infancy, and adults' classification of the emotion of a musical piece depends on both culturally specific and universal structural features.[64][65] Additionally, individuals' musical memory abilities are greater for culturally familiar music than for culturally unfamiliar music.[66][67]

Sociology
Main article: Sociomusicology

This Song Dynasty (960 1279) painting, entitled the "Night Revels of Han Xizai," shows Chinese musicians entertaining guests at a party in a 10th-century household.
Many ethnographic studies demonstrate that music is a participatory, community-based activity.[68][69] Music is experienced by individuals in a range of social settings ranging from being alone to attending a large concert, forming a music community, which cannot be understood as a function of individual will or accident; it includes both commercial and non-commercial participants with a shared set of common values. Musical performances take different forms in different cultures and socioeconomic milieus. In Europe and North America, there is often a divide between what types of music are viewed as a "high culture" and "low culture." "High culture" types of music typically include Western art music such as Baroque, Classical, Romantic, and modern-era symphonies, concertos, and solo works, and are typically heard in formal concerts in concert halls and churches, with the audience sitting quietly in seats.

Other types of music including, but not limited to, jazz, blues, soul, and country are often performed in bars, nightclubs, and theatres, where the audience may be able to drink, dance, and express themselves by cheering. Until the later 20th century, the division between "high" and "low" musical forms was widely accepted as a valid distinction that separated out better quality, more advanced "art music" from the popular styles of music heard in bars and dance halls.

However, in the 1980s and 1990s, musicologists studying this perceived divide between "high" and "low" musical genres argued that this distinction is not based on the musical value or quality of the different types of music.[citation needed] Rather, they argued that this distinction was based largely on the socioeconomics standing or social class of the performers or audience of the different types of music.[citation needed] For example, whereas the audience for Classical symphony concerts typically have above-average incomes, the audience for a rap concert in an inner-city area may have below-average incomes.[citation needed] Even though the performers, audience, or venue where non-"art" music is performed may have a lower socioeconomic status, the music that is performed, such as blues, rap, punk, funk, or ska may be very complex and sophisticated.

When composers introduce styles of music that break with convention, there can be a strong resistance from academic music experts and popular culture. Late-period Beethoven string quartets, Stravinsky ballet scores, serialism, bebop-era jazz, hip hop, punk rock, and electronica have all been considered non-music by some critics when they were first introduced.[citation needed] Such themes are examined in the sociology of music. The sociological study of music, sometimes called sociomusicology, is often pursued in departments of sociology, media studies, or music, and is closely related to the field of ethnomusicology.

Media and technology
Further information: Computer music and Music technology

Music production in the 2000s using a digital audio workstation (DAW) with an electronic keyboard and a multi-monitor set-up.
The music that composers make can be heard through several media; the most traditional way is to hear it live, in the presence of the musicians (or as one of the musicians), in an outdoor or indoor space such as an amphitheatre, concert hall, cabaret room or theatre. Since the 20th century, live music can also be broadcast over the radio, television or the Internet, or recorded and listened to on a CD player or Mp3 player. Some musical styles focus on producing a sound for a performance, while others focus on producing a recording that mixes together sounds that were never played "live." Recording, even of essentially live styles such as rock, often uses the ability to edit and splice to produce recordings that may be considered "better" than the actual performance.

Technology has had an influence on music since prehistoric times, when cave people used simple tools to bore holes into bone flutes 41,000 years ago. Technology continued to influence music throughout the history of music, as it enabled new instruments and music notation reproduction systems to be used, with one of the watershed moments in music notation being the invention of the printing press in the 1400s, which meant music scores no longer had to be hand copied. In the 19th century, music technology led to the development of a more powerful, louder piano and led to the development of new valves brass instruments. In the early 20th century (in the late 1920s), as talking pictures emerged in the early 20th century, with their prerecorded musical tracks, an increasing number of moviehouse orchestra musicians found themselves out of work.[70] During the 1920s live musical performances by orchestras, pianists, and theater organists were common at first-run theaters.[71] With the coming of the talking motion pictures, those featured performances were largely eliminated. The American Federation of Musicians (AFM) took out newspaper advertisements protesting the replacement of live musicians with mechanical playing devices. One 1929 ad that appeared in the Pittsburgh Press features an image of a can labeled "Canned Music / Big Noise Brand / Guaranteed to Produce No Intellectual or Emotional Reaction Whatever"[72]

Since legislation introduced to help protect performers, composers, publishers and producers, including the Audio Home Recording Act of 1992 in the United States, and the 1979 revised Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works in the United Kingdom, recordings and live performances have also become more accessible through computers, devices and Internet in a form that is commonly known as Music-On-Demand.

In many cultures, there is less distinction between performing and listening to music, since virtually everyone is involved in some sort of musical activity, often communal. In industrialized countries, listening to music through a recorded form, such as sound recording or watching a music video, became more common than experiencing live performance, roughly in the middle of the 20th century.

Sometimes, live performances incorporate prerecorded sounds. For example, a disc jockey uses disc records for scratching, and some 20th-century works have a solo for an instrument or voice that is performed along with music that is prerecorded onto a tape. Computers and many keyboards can be programmed to produce and play Musical Instrument Digital Interface (MIDI) music. Audiences can also become performers by participating in karaoke, an activity of Japanese origin centered on a device that plays voice-eliminated versions of well-known songs. Most karaoke machines also have video screens that show lyrics to songs being performed; performers can follow the lyrics as they sing over the instrumental tracks.

Internet

YouTube presents pop singer Taylor Swift.
The advent of the Internet and widespread high-speed broadband access has transformed the experience of music, partly through the increased ease of access to recordings of music via streaming video and vastly increased choice of music for consumers. Chris Anderson, in his book The Long Tail: Why the Future of Business Is Selling Less of More, suggests that while the traditional economic model of supply and demand describes scarcity, the Internet retail model is based on abundance. Digital storage costs are low, so a company can afford to make its whole recording inventory available online, giving customers as much choice as possible. It has thus become economically viable to offer music recordings that very few people are interested in. Consumers' growing awareness of their increased choice results in a closer association between listening tastes and social identity, and the creation of thousands of niche markets.[73]

Another effect of the Internet arose with online communities and social media websites like YouTube and Facebook, a social networking service. These sites make it easier for aspiring singers and amateur bands to distribute videos of their songs, connect with other musicians, and gain audience interest. Professional musicians also use YouTube as a free publisher of promotional material. YouTube users, for example, no longer only download and listen to MP3s, but also actively create their own. According to Don Tapscott and Anthony D. Williams, in their book Wikinomics, there has been a shift from a traditional consumer role to what they call a "prosumer" role, a consumer who both creates content and consumes. Manifestations of this in music include the production of mashes, remixes, and music videos by fans.[74]

Business
Main article: Music industry
The music industry refers to the businesses connected with the creation and sale of music. It consists of songwriters and composers who create new songs and musical pieces, music producers and sound engineers who record songs and pieces, record labels and publishers that distribute recorded music products and sheet music internationally and that often control the rights to those products. Some music labels are "independent," while others are subsidiaries of larger corporate entities or international media groups. In the 2000s, the increasing popularity of listening to music as digital music files on MP3 players, iPods, or computers, and of trading music on file sharing websites or buying it online in the form of digital files had a major impact on the traditional music business. Many smaller independent CD stores went out of business as music buyers decreased their purchases of CDs, and many labels had lower CD sales. Some companies did well with the change to a digital format, though, such as Apple's iTunes, an online music store that sells digital files of songs over the Internet.

Education
Non-professional
Main article: Music education

A Suzuki violin recital with students of varying ages.
The incorporation of some music or singing training into general education from preschool to post secondary education is common in North America and Europe. Involvement in playing and singing music is thought to teach basic skills such as concentration, counting, listening, and cooperation while also promoting understanding of language, improving the ability to recall information, and creating an environment more conducive to learning in other areas.[75] In elementary schools, children often learn to play instruments such as the recorder, sing in small choirs, and learn about the history of Western art music and traditional music. Some elementary school children also learn about popular music styles. In religious schools, children sing hymns and other religious music. In secondary schools (and less commonly in elementary schools), students may have the opportunity to perform in some types of musical ensembles, such as choirs (a group of singers), marching bands, concert bands, jazz bands, or orchestras. In some school systems, music lessons on how to play instruments may be provided. Some students also take private music lessons after school with a singing teacher or instrument teacher. Amateur musicians typically learn basic musical rudiments (e.g., learning about musical notation for musical scales and rhythms) and beginner- to intermediate-level singing or instrument-playing techniques.

At the university level, students in most arts and humanities programs can receive credit for taking a few music courses, which typically take the form of an overview course on the history of music, or a music appreciation course that focuses on listening to music and learning about different musical styles. In addition, most North American and European universities have some types of musical ensembles that students in arts and humanities are able to participate in, such as choirs, marching bands, concert bands, or orchestras. The study of Western art music is increasingly common outside of North America and Europe, such as the Indonesian Institute of the Arts in Yogyakarta, Indonesia, or the classical music programs that are available in Asian countries such as South Korea, Japan, and China. At the same time, Western universities and colleges are widening their curriculum to include music of non-Western cultures, such as the music of Africa or Bali (e.g. Gamelan music).

Professional training

Manhattan School of Music professor and professional double bass player Timothy Cobb teaching a bass lesson in the late 2000s. His bass has a low C extension with a metal "machine" with buttons for playing the pitches on the extension.
Individuals aiming to become professional musicians, singers, composers, songwriters, music teachers and practitioners of other music-related professions such as music history professors, sound engineers, and so on study in specialized post-secondary programs offered by colleges, universities and music conservatories. Some institutions that train individuals for careers in music offer training in a wide range of professions, as is the case with many of the top U.S. universities, which offer degrees in music performance (including singing and playing instruments), music history, music theory, music composition, music education (for individuals aiming to become elementary or high school music teachers) and, in some cases, conducting. On the other hand, some small colleges may only offer training in a single profession (e.g., sound recording).

While most university and conservatory music programs focus on training students in classical music, there are a number of universities and colleges that train musicians for careers as jazz or popular music musicians and composers, with notable U.S. examples including the Manhattan School of Music and the Berklee College of Music. Two important schools in Canada which offer professional jazz training are McGill University and Humber College. Individuals aiming at careers in some types of music, such as heavy metal music, country music or blues are less likely to become professionals by completing degrees or diplomas in colleges or universities. Instead, they typically learn about their style of music by singing and/or playing in many bands (often beginning in amateur bands, cover bands and tribute bands), studying recordings available on CD, DVD and the Internet and working with already-established professionals in their style of music, either through informal mentoring or regular music lessons. Since the 2000s, the increasing popularity and availability of Internet forums and YouTube "how-to" videos have enabled many singers and musicians from metal, blues and similar genres to improve their skills. Many pop, rock and country singers train informally with vocal coaches and singing teachers.

Undergraduate
Undergraduate university degrees in music, including the Bachelor of Music, the Bachelor of Music Education, and the Bachelor of Arts (with a major in music) typically take about four years to complete. These degrees provide students with a grounding in music theory and music history, and many students also study an instrument or learn singing technique as part of their program. Graduates of undergraduate music programs can seek employment or go on to further study in music graduate programs. Bachelor's degree graduates are also eligible to apply to some graduate programs and professional schools outside of music (e.g., public administration, business administration, library science, and, in some jurisdictions, teacher's college, law school or medical school).

Graduate
Graduate music degrees include the Master of Music, the Master of Arts, the Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) (e.g., in musicology or music theory), and more recently, the Doctor of Musical Arts, or DMA. The Master of Music degree, which takes one to two years to complete, is typically awarded to students studying the performance of an instrument, education, voice (singing) or composition. The Master of Arts degree, which takes one to two years to complete and often requires a thesis, is typically awarded to students studying musicology, music history, music theory or ethnomusicology.

The PhD, which is required for students who want to work as university professors in musicology, music history, or music theory, takes three to five years of study after the master's degree, during which time the student will complete advanced courses and undertake research for a dissertation. The DMA is a relatively new degree that was created to provide a credential for professional performers or composers that want to work as university professors in musical performance or composition. The DMA takes three to five years after a master's degree, and includes advanced courses, projects, and performances. In Medieval times, the study of music was one of the Quadrivium of the seven Liberal Arts and considered vital to higher learning. Within the quantitative Quadrivium, music, or more accurately harmonics, was the study of rational proportions.

Musicology
Musicology, the academic study of the subject of music, is studied in universities and music conservatories. The earliest definitions from the 19th century defined three sub-disciplines of musicology: systematic musicology, historical musicology, and comparative musicology or ethnomusicology. In 2010-era scholarship, one is more likely to encounter a division of the discipline into music theory, music history, and ethnomusicology. Research in musicology has often been enriched by cross-disciplinary work, for example in the field of psychoacoustics. The study of music of non-western cultures, and the cultural study of music, is called ethnomusicology. Students can pursue the undergraduate study of musicology, ethnomusicology, music history, and music theory through several different types of degrees, including Bachelor's degrees, Master's degrees and PhD degrees.

Music theory
Music theory is the study of music, generally in a highly technical manner outside of other disciplines. More broadly it refers to any study of music, usually related in some form with compositional concerns, and may include mathematics, physics, and anthropology. What is most commonly taught in beginning music theory classes are guidelines to write in the style of the common practice period, or tonal music. Theory, even of music of the common practice period, may take many other forms. Musical set theory is the application of mathematical set theory to music, first applied to atonal music. Speculative music theory, contrasted with analytic music theory, is devoted to the analysis and synthesis of music materials, for example tuning systems, generally as preparation for composition.

Zoomusicology
Zoomusicology is the study of the music of non-human animals, or the musical aspects of sounds produced by non-human animals. As George Herzog (1941) asked, "do animals have music " Fran ois-Bernard M che's Musique, mythe, nature, ou les Dauphins d'Arion (1983), a study of "ornitho-musicology" using a technique of Nicolas Ruwet's Langage, musique, po sie (1972) paradigmatic segmentation analysis, shows that bird songs are organised according to a repetition-transformation principle. Jean-Jacques Nattiez (1990), argues that "in the last analysis, it is a human being who decides what is and is not musical, even when the sound is not of human origin. If we acknowledge that sound is not organised and conceptualised (that is, made to form music) merely by its producer, but by the mind that perceives it, then music is uniquely human."

Ethnomusicology
Main article: Ethnomusicology

Ethnomusicologist Frances Densmore recording Blackfoot chief Mountain Chief for the Bureau of American Ethnology (1916)
In the West, much of the history of music that is taught deals with the Western civilization's art music, which is known as classical music. The history of music in non-Western cultures ("world music" or the field of "ethnomusicology"), which typically covers music from Africa and Asia is also taught in Western universities. This includes the documented classical traditions of Asian countries outside the influence of Western Europe, as well as the folk or indigenous music of various other cultures. Popular or folk styles of music in non-Western countries varied widely from culture to culture, and from period to period. Different cultures emphasised different instruments, techniques, singing styles and uses for music. Music has been used for entertainment, ceremonies, rituals, religious purposes and for practical and artistic communication. Non-Western music has also been used for propaganda purposes, as was the case with Chinese opera during the Cultural Revolution.

There is a host of music classifications for non-Western music, many of which are caught up in the argument over the definition of music. Among the largest of these is the division between classical music (or "art" music), and popular music (or commercial music   including non-Western styles of rock, country, and pop music-related styles). Some genres do not fit neatly into one of these "big two" classifications, (such as folk music, world music, or jazz-related music).

As world cultures have come into greater global contact, their indigenous musical styles have often merged with other styles, which produces new styles. For example, the United States bluegrass style contains elements from Anglo-Irish, Scottish, Irish, German and African instrumental and vocal traditions, which were able to fuse in the United States' multi-ethnic "melting pot" society. Some types of world music contain a mixture of non-Western indigenous styles with Western pop music elements. Genres of music are determined as much by tradition and presentation as by the actual music. Some works, like George Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue, are claimed by both jazz and classical music, while Gershwin's Porgy and Bess and Leonard Bernstein's West Side Story are claimed by both opera and the Broadway musical tradition. Many current music festivals for non-Western music include bands and singers from a particular musical genre, such as world music.

Indian music, for example, is one of the oldest and longest living types of music, and is still widely heard and performed in South Asia, as well as internationally (especially since the 1960s). Indian music has mainly three forms of classical music, Hindustani, Carnatic, and Dhrupad styles. It has also a large repertoire of styles, which involve only percussion music such as the talavadya performances famous in South India.

Music therapy
Main article: Music therapy

A music therapist from a "Blues in the Schools" program plays harmonica with a US Navy sailor at a Naval Therapy Center.
Music therapy is an interpersonal process in which the therapist uses music and all of its facets physical, emotional, mental, social, aesthetic, and spiritual to help clients to improve or maintain their health. In some instances, the client's needs are addressed directly through music; in others they are addressed through the relationships that develop between the client and therapist. Music therapy is used with individuals of all ages and with a variety of conditions, including: psychiatric disorders, medical problems, physical handicaps, sensory impairments, developmental disabilities, substance abuse, communication disorders, interpersonal problems, and aging. It is also used to: improve learning, build self-esteem, reduce stress, support physical exercise, and facilitate a host of other health-related activities.

One of the earliest mentions of music therapy was in Al-Farabi's (c. 872   950) treatise Meanings of the Intellect, which described the therapeutic effects of music on the soul.[76][verification needed] Music has long been used to help people deal with their emotions. In the 17th century, the scholar Robert Burton's The Anatomy of Melancholy argued that music and dance were critical in treating mental illness, especially melancholia.[77] He noted that music has an "excellent power ...to expel many other diseases" and he called it "a sovereign remedy against despair and melancholy." He pointed out that in Antiquity, Canus, a Rhodian fiddler, used music to "make a melancholy man merry, ...a lover more enamoured, a religious man more devout."[78][79][80] In November 2006, Dr. Michael J. Crawford[81] and his colleagues also found that music therapy helped schizophrenic patients.[82] In the Ottoman Empire, mental illnesses were treated with music.[83]

See also
Main articles: Outline of music and Index of music articles
Book icon 
Book: Music
Portal icon Music portal
Music-specific disorders
Lists of musicians
List of musicology topics
List of music software
Music and emotion
Music history
Women in music
Culinary art
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Culinary arts)

[hide]This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it (see how) or discuss these issues on the talk page.
This article's factual accuracy may be compromised due to out-of-date information. (July 2012)
This article needs additional citations for verification. (July 2012)
This article may lend undue weight to certain ideas, incidents, or controversies. (July 2012)

Chefs training in Paris, France in 2005.
Culinary art, in which culinary means "related to cooking", is the art of the preparation, cooking and presentation of food, usually in the form of meals. People working in this field   especially in establishments such as restaurants   are commonly called "chefs" or "cooks", although, at its most general, the terms "culinary artist" and "culinarian" are also used. Table manners ("the table arts") are sometimes referred to as a culinary art.

Culinarians are required to have knowledge of food science, nutrition and diet and are responsible for preparing meals that are as pleasing to the eye as well as to the palate. After restaurants, their primary places of work include delicatessens and relatively large institutions such as hotels and hospitals.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Careers in culinary arts
1.1 Related careers
2 Notable culinary colleges around the world
2.1 Africa
2.2 Asia
2.3 Europe
2.4 America
2.4.1 Latin America and Caribbean
2.4.2 North America
2.5 Oceania
2.6 Other
3 See also
4 Notes
5 References
6 Further reading
7 External links
Careers in culinary arts[edit]
Related careers[edit]
Below is a list of the wide variety of culinary arts occupations.

Consulting and Design Specialists   Work with restaurant owners in developing menus, the layout and design of dining rooms, and service protocols.
Restaurant management   Manage a restaurant, cafeteria, hotel dining area, etc.
Food and Beverage Controller   Purchase and source ingredients in large hotels as well as manage the stores and stock control.
Entrepreneurship   Deepen and invest in businesses, such as bakeries, restaurants, or specialty foods (such as chocolates, cheese, etc.).
Food and Beverage Managers   Manage all food and beverage outlets in hotels and other large establishments.
Food Stylists and Photographers   Work with magazines, books, catalogs and other media to make food visually appealing.
Food Writers and Food Critics   Communicate with the public on food trends, chefs and restaurants through newspapers, magazines, blogs, and books. Notables in this field include Julia Child, Craig Claiborne and James Beard.
Research and Development Kitchens   Develop new products for commercial manufacturers and may also work in test kitchens for publications, restaurant chains, grocery chains, or others.
Sales   Introduce chefs and business owners to new products and equipment relevant to food production and service.
Instructors   Teach aspects of culinary arts in high school, vocational schools, colleges, recreational programs, and for specialty businesses (for example, the professional and recreational courses in baking at King Arthur Flour).
Notable culinary colleges around the world[edit]

Cooking utilizes many foods.
Africa[edit]
School of Tourism and Hospitality, University of Johannesburg, South Africa
International Hotel School, Cape Town, Sandton, Johannesburg, South Africa
Stenden University,International Hospitality Management, Port Alfred South Africa
Hotel and Tourism School for Cape Verde, Praia, Cape Verde.
Capiscum, Cape Town, South African
Kenya Utalii College, Nairobi, Kenya
Asia[edit]
National Hotel & Tourism Training Institute, NHTTI, Dhaka, Bangladesh
International School for Culinary Arts and Hotel Management, ISCAHM, Quezon City, Philippines
Tadmor School of Hoteliery, Herzliya, Israel
JaganNath Institute of Management Sciences, Rohini, Delhi, India
Cuilnary & Hotel Institute of Pakistan, CHIP, Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan
College of Tourism & Hotel Management, Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan
Culinary Academy of India, Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India
ITM School of Culinary Arts, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
IHM-A Institute of Hotel Management Aurangabad, Aurangabad, Maharashtra, India
Welcome Group Academy of Culinary Arts Manipal,karnataka India
IHM-Mumbai Institute of Hotel Management Mumbai, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Academy of Culinary Arts and Hospitality Management, Kathmandu, Nepal
Global Academy of Tourism & Hospitality Education, Kathmandu, Nepal
Lincoln University College, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Apicius Culinary Arts and Hotel Management, Inc., Para aque, Philippines
Europe[edit]
Culinary Institute of Bologna, Bologna
Mama Isa's Cooking School of Padua, Padua, Veneto region Italy
 cole des trois gourmandes, Paris, France
HRC Culinary Academy, Bulgaria
Institute Paul Bocuse, Ecully, France
Mutfak Sanatlar  Akademisi (The Academy of the Culinary Arts),  stanbul, Turkey
School of Culinary Arts and Food Technology, Dublin Institute of Technology, Dublin, Ireland
Apicius International School of Hospitality, Florence, Italy
Westminster Kingsway College (London)
Le Cordon Bleu (Paris, London and Madrid)
University of Gastronomic Sciences, Bra, Italy
America[edit]
Latin America and Caribbean[edit]
Academia de Artes Culinarias de Guatemala, Guatemala
Instituto de Banca y Comercio, Puerto Rico
Trinidad and Tobago Hospitality and Tourism Institute, Trinidad and Tobago
Instituto Culinario de M xico, M xico
Mache de tato, Haiti
North America[edit]
Columbia College (Virginia) (Fairfax County, Virginia)
Camosun College (Victoria, BC)
Culinary Institute of Canada (Charlottetown, PE)
Georgian College (Owen Sound, ON)
George Brown College (Toronto, ON)
Humber College (Toronto, ON)
Sault College (Sault Ste. Marie, ON)
St. Clair College (Windsor, Ontario)
Vancouver Community College (Vancouver, BC)
Baltimore International College, Baltimore, Maryland
Culinard, the Culinary Institute of Virginia College
Culinary Institute of America
International Culinary Centers in NY and CA
Johnson & Wales University, College of Culinary Arts
Kendall College in Chicago, Illinois
Lincoln College of Technology
Manchester Community College in Connecticut
New England Culinary Institute in Vermont
Pennsylvania Culinary Institute
The Pennsylvania School of Culinary Arts, Lancaster, Pennsylvania,
The Restaurant School at Walnut Hill College, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Sullivan University Louisville, Kentucky
Los Angeles Trade Technical College
Texas Culinary Academy
Oceania[edit]
AUT University (Auckland University of Technology)
MIT (Manukau Institute of Technology)
Wintec, Waikato Institute of Technology
Other[edit]
Le Cordon Bleu (locations in 20 countries)
Baking
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

Bedouins making and baking bread

Anders Zorn - Bread baking (1889)
Baking is a method of cooking food that uses prolonged dry heat, normally in an oven, but also in hot ashes, or on hot stones. The most common baked item is bread but many other types of foods are baked.[1] Heat is gradually transferred "from the surface of cakes, cookies, and breads to their centre. As heat travels through it transforms batters and doughs into baked goods with a firm dry crust and a softer centre".[2] Baking can be combined with grilling to produce a hybrid barbecue variant by using both methods simultaneously, or one after the other. Baking is related to barbecuing because the concept of the masonry oven is similar to that of a smoke pit.

Because of historical social and familial roles, baking has traditionally been performed at home by women for domestic consumption and by men in bakeries and restaurants for local consumption. When production was industrialized, baking was automated by machines in large factories. The art of baking remains a fundamental skill and is important for nutrition, as baked goods, especially breads, are a common but important food, both from an economic and cultural point of view. A person who prepares baked goods as a profession is called a baker.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Foods and techniques
2 Baking in ancient times
3 Commercial baking
4 Equipment
5 Process
6 Cultural and religious significance
7 See also
8 References
9 Bibliography
10  Further reading
11  External links
Foods and techniques[edit]

A Palestinian woman baking markook bread on tava or Saj oven in Artas, Bethlehem

A terracotta baking mould for pastry or bread, representing goats and a lion attacking a cow. Early 2nd millennium BC, Royal palace at Mari, Syria
All types of food can be baked, but some require another special care and protection from direct heat. Various techniques have been developed to provide this protection.

In addition to bread, baking is used to prepare cakes, pastries, pies, tarts, quiches, cookies, scones, crackers, pretzels, and more. These popular items are known collectively as "baked goods," and are often sold at a bakery, which is a store that carries only baked goods, or at markets, grocery stores, or through other venues.

Meat, including cured meats, such as ham can also be baked, but baking is usually reserved for meatloaf, smaller cuts of whole meats, or whole meats that contain stuffing or coating such as bread crumbs or buttermilk batter. Some foods are surrounded with moisture during baking by placing a small amount of liquid (such as water or broth) in the bottom of a closed pan, and letting it steam up around the food, a method commonly known as braising or slow baking. Larger cuts prepared without stuffing or coating are more often roasted, which is a similar process, using higher temperatures and shorter cooking times. Roasting, however, is only suitable for finer cuts of meat, so other methods have been developed to make tougher meat cuts palatable after baking. One of these is the method known as en cro te (French for "in a crust"), which protects the food from direct heat and seals the natural juices inside. Meat, poultry, game, fish or vegetables can be prepared by baking en cro te. Well-known examples include Beef Wellington, where the beef is encased in pastry before baking; p t  en cro te, where the terrine is encased in pastry before baking; and the Vietnamese variant, a meat-filled pastry called p t  chaud. The en cro te method also allows meat to be baked by burying it in the embers of a fire   a favourite method of cooking venison. In this case, the protective casing (or crust) is made from a paste of flour and water and is discarded before eating. Salt can also be used to make a protective crust that is not eaten. Another method of protecting food from the heat while it is baking, is to cook it en papillote (French for "in parchment"). In this method, the food is covered by baking paper (or aluminium foil) to protect it while it is being baked. The cooked parcel of food is sometimes served unopened, allowing diners to discover the contents for themselves which adds an element of surprise.

Eggs can also be used in baking to produce savoury or sweet dishes. In combination with dairy products especially cheese, they are often prepared as a dessert. For example, although a baked custard can be made using starch (in the form of flour, cornflour, arrowroot, or potato flour), the flavour of the dish is much more delicate if eggs are used as the thickening agent. Baked custards, such as cr me caramel, are among the items that need protection from an oven's direct heat, and the bain-marie method serves this purpose. The cooking container is half submerged in water in another, larger one, so that the heat in the oven is more gently applied during the baking process. Baking a successful souffl  requires that the baking process be carefully controlled. The oven temperature must be absolutely even and the oven space not shared with another dish. These factors, along with the theatrical effect of an air-filled dessert, have given this baked food a reputation for being a culinary achievement. Similarly, a good baking technique (and a good oven) are also needed to create a baked Alaska because of the difficulty of baking hot meringue and cold ice cream at the same time.

Baking can also be used to prepare various other foods such as pizzas, baked potatoes, baked apples, baked beans, some casseroles and pasta dishes such as lasagne.

Baking in ancient times[edit]

An Egyptian funerary Model of a bakery and brewery (11th dynasty, circa 2009 1998 B.C.)
The first evidence of baking occurred when humans took wild grass grains, soaked them in water, and mixed everything together, mashing it into a kind of broth-like paste.[3][unreliable source ] The paste was cooked by pouring it onto a flat, hot rock, resulting in a bread-like substance. Later, when humans mastered fire, the paste was roasted on hot embers, which made bread-making easier, as it could now be made any time fire was created. The world's oldest oven was discovered in Croatia in 2014 dating back 6500 years ago. The Ancient Egyptians baked bread using yeast, which they had previously been using to brew beer.[4] Bread baking began in Ancient Greece around 600 BC, leading to the invention of enclosed ovens.[4] "Ovens and worktables have been discovered in archaeological digs from Turkey (Hacilar) to Palestine (Jericho) and date back to 5600 BC."[5]

Baking flourished during the Roman Empire. Beginning around 300 BC, the pastry cook became an occupation for Romans (known as the pastillarium) and became a respected profession because pastries were considered decadent, and Romans loved festivity and celebration. Thus, pastries were often cooked especially for large banquets, and any pastry cook who could invent new types of tasty treats was highly prized. Around 1 AD, there were more than three hundred pastry chefs in Rome, and Cato wrote about how they created all sorts of diverse foods and flourished professionally and socially because of their creations. Cato speaks of an enormous number of breads including; libum (sacrificial cakes made with flour), placenta (groats and cress), spira (our modern day flour pretzels), scibilata (tortes), savaillum (sweet cake), and globus apherica (fritters). A great selection of these, with many different variations, different ingredients, and varied patterns, were often found at banquets and dining halls. The Romans baked bread in an oven with its own chimney, and had mills to grind grain into flour. A bakers' guild was established in 168 BC in Rome.[4]

Commercial baking[edit]

Vincent van Gogh   The Bakery in Noordstraat (1882)
Eventually, the Roman art of baking became known throughout Europe and eventually spread to eastern parts of Asia. By the 13th century in London, commercial trading, including baking, had many regulations attached. In the case of food, they were designed to create a system "so there was little possibility of false measures, adulterated food or shoddy manufactures." There were by that time twenty regulations applying to bakers alone, including that every baker had to have "the impression of his seal" upon each loaf of bread.[6]

Beginning in the 19th century, alternative leavening agents became more common, such as baking soda.[4] Bakers often baked goods at home and then sold them in the streets. This scene was so common that Rembrandt, among others, painted a pastry chef selling pancakes in the streets of Germany, with children clamoring for a sample. In London, pastry chefs sold their goods from handcarts. This developed into a delivery system of baked goods to households and greatly increased demand as a result. In Paris, the first open-air caf  of baked goods was developed, and baking became an established art throughout the entire world.


Schulze Baking Company Factory (1914 15)
Every family used to prepare the bread for its own consumption, the trade of baking, not having yet taken shape.
Mrs Beeton (1861)[7]

Baking eventually developed into a commercial industry using automated machinery which enabled more goods to be produced for widespread distribution. In the United States, the baking industry "was built on marketing methods used during feudal times and production techniques developed by the Romans."[8] Some makers of snacks such as potato chips or crisps have produced baked versions of their snack products as an alternative to the usual cooking method of deep-frying in an attempt to reduce their calorie or fat content. Baking has opened up doors to businesses such as cake shops and factories where the baking process is done with larger amounts in large, open furnaces.

The aroma and texture of baked goods as they come out of the oven are strongly appealing but is a quality that is quickly lost. Since the flavour and appeal largely depend on freshness, commercial producers have to compensate by using food additives as well as imaginative labeling. As more and more baked goods are purchased from commercial suppliers, producers try to capture that original appeal by adding the label "home-baked." Such attempts seek to make an emotional link to the remembered freshness of baked goods as well as to attach positive associations the purchaser has with the idea of "home" to the bought product. Freshness is such an important quality that restaurants, although they are commercial (and not domestic) preparers of food, bake their own products. For example, scones at The Ritz London Hotel "are not baked until early afternoon on the day they are to be served, to make sure they are as fresh as possible."[9]

Equipment[edit]
Baking needs an enclosed space for heating   typically in an oven. The fuel can be supplied by wood, coal, gas, or electricity. Adding and removing items from an oven may be done by hand with an oven mitt or by a peel, a long handled tool specifically used for that purpose.

Many commercial ovens are equipped with two heating elements: one for baking, using convection and thermal conduction to heat the food, and one for broiling or grilling, heating mainly by radiation. Another piece of equipment still used for baking is the Dutch oven. "Also called a bake kettle, bastable, bread oven, fire pan, bake oven kail pot, tin kitchen, roasting kitchen, doufeu (French: "gentle fire") or feu de compagne (French: "country oven") [it] originally replaced the cooking jack as the latest fireside cooking technology," combining "the convenience of pot-oven and hangover oven."[10]

Asian cultures have adopted steam baskets to produce the effect of baking while reducing the amount of fat needed.[11]

Process[edit]
File:Rhof-brotBacken.ogg
Baking bread at the Roscheider Hof Open Air Museum

Baked goods
There are eleven events that occur concurrently during baking, and some of them, such as starch glutenization, would not occur at room temperature.[12]

Fats melt;
Gases form and expand
Microorganisms die
Sugar dissolves
Egg, milk, and gluten proteins coagulate
Starches gelatinise
Gases evaporate
Caramelization and Maillard browning occur on crust
Enzymes are inactivated
Changes occur to nutrients
Pectin breaks down.[13]
The dry heat of baking changes the form of starches in the food and causes its outer surfaces to brown, giving it an attractive appearance and taste. The browning is caused by caramelization of sugars and the Maillard reaction. Maillard browning occurs when "sugars break down in the presence of proteins". Because foods contain many different types of sugars and proteins, Maillard browning contributes to the flavour of a wide range of foods, including nuts, roast beef and baked bread."[14] The moisture is never entirely "sealed in"; over time, an item being baked will become dry. This is often an advantage, especially in situations where drying is the desired outcome, like drying herbs or roasting certain types of vegetables.

The baking process does not require any fat to be used to cook in an oven. When baking, consideration must be given to the amount of fat that is contained in the food item. Higher levels of fat such as margarine, butter, lard, or vegetable shortening will cause an item to spread out during the baking process.

With the passage of time, breads harden and become stale. This is not primarily due to moisture being lost from the baked products, but more a reorganization of the way in which the water and starch are associated over time. This process is similar to recrystallization and is promoted by storage at cool temperatures, such as in a domestic refrigerator or freezer.

Cultural and religious significance[edit]
Further information: Bread   Cultural significance

Bird baked from bread on the March equinox to celebrate spring and the forty martyrs

Baking matzot at Kfar Chabad

Benedictine Sisters of Caltanissetta producing the crocetta of Caltanissetta
Baking, especially of bread, holds special significance for many cultures. It is such a fundamental part of everyday food consumption that the children's nursery rhyme Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, baker's man takes baking as its subject. Baked goods are normally served at all kinds of party and special attention is given to their quality at formal events. They are also one of the main components of a tea party, including at nursery teas and high teas, a tradition which started in Victorian Britain, reportedly when Anna Russell, Duchess of Bedford "grew tired of the sinking feeling which afflicted her every afternoon round 4 o'clock ... In 1840, she plucked up courage and asked for a tray of tea, bread and butter, and cake to be brought to her room. Once she had formed the habit she found she could not break it, so spread it among her friends instead. As the century progressed, afternoon tea became increasingly elaborate."[15]

Benedictine Sisters of the Benedectine Monastery of Caltanissetta producing the crocette, they used to be prepared for the Holy Crucifix festivity. This was situated next to the Church of the Holy Cross, from which the sweets take the name.[16]

For Jews, Matzo is a baked product of considerable religious and ritual significance. Baked matzah bread can be ground up and used in other dishes, such as Gefilte fish, and baked again. For Christians, bread has to be baked to be used as an essential component of the sacrament of the Eucharist. In the Eastern Christian tradition, baked bread in the form of birds is given to children to carry to the fields in a spring ceremony that celebrates the Forty Martyrs of Sebaste.

See also[edit]

  Wikisource has original text related to this article:
A Book of Nursery Rhymes/Part I
Portal icon Food portal
Baking pan
Baking chocolate
Baking mix
List of baked goods
List of bakers
List of ovens
Sheet pan
Chocolatier
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  Look up chocolatier in Wiktionary, the free dictionary.
For the economic simulation video game, see Chocolatier (video game).

This article's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (August 2011)

A chocolatier making chocolate eggs of half eggs

Hollow chocolate figures for Saint Nicolas and Christmas celebrations
A chocolatier is a person or company who makes confectionery from chocolate. Chocolatiers are distinct from chocolate makers, who create chocolate from cacao beans and other ingredients.

Professional chocolatiers study topics including:[1]

the history of chocolate
modern techniques of cultivation and processing
the chemistry of chocolate's flavors and textures
chocolate tempering, dipping, decorating, and molding
confectionery formulae based on ganache and/or fondant
A comprehensive course also covers:

business management skills of marketing and production: operation of individual chocolateries is common in France, Belgium and many major cities.
Contents  [hide] 
1 Education and training
2 Competitions
3 Techniques
4 See also
5 References
6 External links
Education and training[edit]

Skilled chocolatiers can craft beautiful & delicious pieces of chocolate, as seen here.
Chocolatiers generally start out as pastry or confectionery chefs. Being a master chocolatier involves perfecting the art of working with chocolate to create not only delicious desserts, but also beautifully and skillfully crafted pieces of art with the chocolate. Generally it takes years of experience and a good background of confections and pastries to master the art of working with chocolate.

There are a variety of culinary schools and even specialty chocolate schools, such as the Ecole Chocolate school in Canada,[2] and The Chocolate Academy, with twelve schools worldwide.[3] The French Culinary Institute also offers pastry and confectionery courses that are said to help a chocolatier learn the trade.[4]

To become a chocolatier one must learn how to make and work with chocolate on different levels to create handcrafted pieces of art that also must taste sensational. Generally schooling consists of learning how to make chocolate from a variety of different origins. Once students learn how to make chocolate and begin to understand the physical and chemical aspects of chocolates they can learn to work with chocolate in many different applications. Chocolate is a versatile food thus different courses offer learning about different techniques when working with chocolate. Once someone becomes well-educated about all of chocolates' applications, or specializes in specific applications of chocolate they may be considered a chocolatier. Often perfecting technical techniques of design and the art of flavor takes many years of practice. Advanced studies can lead to a better understanding of the components of chocolate and how to make chocolates along with sculpting and creating beautiful masterpieces from chocolate.[3]

Competitions[edit]

A chocolatier making a chocolate tower
Once a chocolatier has mastered the artistry of chocolate they may be considered a Master Chocolatier. The best of the best can be found competing in The World Chocolate Masters, a chocolate competition that started in 2005.[5] Some of the greatest chocolatiers of today are Naomi Mizuno from Japan,[6] Francisco Torreblanca, master Spanish chocolatier,[6] Pierre Marcolini,[7] Yvonnick Le Maux from France,[6] and Carmelo Sciampagna from Italy.[6] These master chocolatiers are some of the best in the world when it comes to designing and sculpting using chocolate. These master chocolatiers also craft pieces of chocolate with outstanding flavor and texture, said to be the best in the world by some. Chocolatiers must be able to work with chocolate in many different applications tempering, molding, sculpting, and decorating. Chocolate can be made into pieces, incorporated into pastries, or simply designed as a piece of art.

2007 World Chocolate Masters Winner: Naomi Mizuno Mizuno, from Japan, took home the title to the World Chocolate Masters competition in 2007. The competition was judged in four different categories, including: molded pralines, hand-dipped pralines, gastronomic chocolate dessert, small chocolate showpiece, and creative chocolate showpiece.[8] Mizuno, 28 years old, was the youngest competitor ever from his nation. He is employed at a pastry school, Futaba Pastry.[9]

Techniques[edit]
Tempering: Tempering chocolate is a heat treatment method performed on chocolate involving heating and cooling the chocolate to result in desired characteristics like shininess of the chocolate or 'snap', the way it breaks.[10] A chocolatier must know how to temper chocolate properly for different applications or temper for chocolate for desired characteristics. Chocolate contains cocoa butter which crystallizes during the heat treatment of melting and tempering chocolate. The crystal formation in chocolate can affect many different attributes to the chocolate - mouthfeel, snap of the chocolate, the color, dull or shiny. Heating the chocolate at certain temperatures, around 86-90  F (30-32  C), for specific periods of time and then cooling the chocolate and working with, in alternating segments is referred to as tempering.[10] There are machines that can temper chocolate for you, but many chocolatiers use marble slabs and hand-tools to cool the chocolate and work with it.

Molding: Molding is a design technique used in making chocolate pieces that are of a certain shape by taking liquid chocolate and pouring it into a mold and letting it harden.[11] You can go to the wikiHow - Mold Chocolate Candy[12] site to see instructions on how to mold chocolate.

Sculpting: Sculpting is a type of three-dimensional artwork, and in the case of a chocolatier, involves using only chocolate to create the piece of artwork. Sculpting may involve using molds and pieces of chocolate, and decorating the piece with designs in chocolate.
Winemaking
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This article's lead section may not adequately summarize key points of its contents. Please consider expanding the lead to provide an accessible overview of all important aspects of the article. Please discuss this issue on the article's talk page. (December 2014)

Wine grapes
Winemaking or vinification, is the production of wine, starting with selection of the grapes or other produce and ending with bottling the finished wine. Although most wine is made from grapes, it may also be made from other fruits or plants. Mead is a wine that is made with honey being the primary ingredient after water.

Winemaking can be divided into two general categories: still wine production (without carbonation) and sparkling wine production (with carbonation   natural or injected).

The science of wine and winemaking is known as oenology. A person who makes wine is traditionally called a winemaker or vintner.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Process
2 The grapes
3 Harvesting and destemming
4 Crushing and primary (alcoholic) fermentation
4.1 Pressing
4.2 Pigeage
5 Cold stabilization
6 Secondary (malolactic) fermentation and bulk aging
7 Malolactic fermentation
8 Laboratory tests
9 Blending and fining
10  Preservatives
11  Filtration
12  Bottling
13  Winemakers
14  See also
15  References
16  Further reading
17  External links
Process[edit]

Anatomy of a grape, showing the components extracted from each pressing.
After the harvest, the grapes are taken into a winery and prepared for primary ferment. At this stage red wine making diverges from white wine making. Red wine is made from the must (pulp) of red or black grapes and fermentation occurs together with the grape skins, which give the wine its color. White wine is made by fermenting juice which is made by pressing crushed grapes to extract a juice; the skins are removed and play no further role. Occasionally white wine is made from red grapes; this is done by extracting their juice with minimal contact with the grapes' skins. Ros  wines are either made from red grapes where the juice is allowed to stay in contact with the dark skins long enough to pick up a pinkish color (maceration or saign e) or by blending red wine with white wine. White and ros  wines extract little of the tannins contained in the skins.

To start primary fermentation yeast may be added to the must for red wine or may occur naturally as ambient yeast on the grapes or in the air. Yeast may be added to the juice for white wine. During this fermentation, which often takes between one and two weeks, the yeast converts most of the sugars in the grape juice into ethanol (alcohol) and carbon dioxide. The carbon dioxide is lost to the atmosphere.

After the primary fermentation of red grapes the free run wine is pumped off into tanks and the skins are pressed to extract the remaining juice and wine. The press wine is blended with the free run wine at the winemaker's discretion. The wine is kept warm and the remaining sugars are converted into alcohol and carbon dioxide.

The next process in the making of red wine is malo-lactic conversion. This is a bacterial process which converts "crisp, green apple" malic acid to "soft, creamy" lactic acid softening the taste of the wine. Red wine is sometimes transferred to oak barrels to mature for a period of weeks or months; this practice imparts oak aromas and some tannin to the wine. The wine must be settled or clarified and adjustments made prior to bottling.

The time from harvest to drinking can vary from a few months for Beaujolais nouveau wines to over twenty years for wine of good structure with high levels of acid, tannin or sugar. However, only about 10% of all red and 5% of white wine will taste better after five years than it will after just one year.[1] Depending on the quality of grape and the target wine style, some of these steps may be combined or omitted to achieve the particular goals of the winemaker. Many wines of comparable quality are produced using similar but distinctly different approaches to their production; quality is dictated by the attributes of the starting material and not necessarily the steps taken during vinification.

Variations on the above procedure exist. With sparkling wines such as Champagne, an additional, "secondary" fermentation takes place inside the bottle, dissolving trapped carbon dioxide in the wine and creating the characteristic bubbles. Sweet wines or off-dry wines are made by arresting fermentation before all sugar has been converted into ethanol and allowing some residual sugar to remain. This can be done by chilling the wine and adding sulphur and other allowable additives to inhibit yeast activity or sterile filtering the wine to remove all yeast and bacteria. In the case of sweet wines, initial sugar concentrations are increased by harvesting late (late harvest wine), freezing the grapes to concentrate the sugar (ice wine), allowing or encouraging botrytis cinerea fungus to dehydrate the grapes or allowing the grapes to raisin either on the vine or on racks or straw mats. Often in these high sugar wines, the fermentation stops naturally as the high concentration of sugar and rising concentration of ethanol retard the yeast activity. Similarly in fortified wines, such as port wine, high proof neutral grape spirit (brandy) is added to arrest the ferment and adjust the alcohol content when the desired sugar level has been reached. In other cases the winemaker may choose to hold back some of the sweet grape juice and add it to the wine after the fermentation is done, a technique known in Germany as s ssreserve.

The process produces wastewater, pomace, and lees that require collection, treatment, and disposal or beneficial use.

The grapes[edit]

Harvested Cabernet Sauvignon grapes
The quality of the grapes determines the quality of the wine more than any other factor. Grape quality is affected by variety as well as weather during the growing season, soil minerals and acidity, time of harvest, and pruning method. The combination of these effects is often referred to as the grape's terroir.

Grapes are usually harvested from the vineyard from early September until early November in the northern hemisphere, and mid February until early March in the southern hemisphere. In some cool areas in the southern hemisphere, for example Tasmania, harvesting extends into May.

The most common species of wine grape is Vitis vinifera, which includes nearly all varieties of European origin.

Harvesting and destemming[edit]
Main article: Harvest (wine)
See also: Ripeness in viticulture

Central component of a mechanical destemming. Paddles above the small circular slots rotate to remove the larger chunks of stems. Grapes are pulled off the stems and fall through the holes. Some small amount of stem particles are usually desired to be kept with the grapes for tannin structure.
Harvest is the picking of the grapes and in many ways the first step in wine production. Grapes are either harvested mechanically or by hand. The decision to harvest grapes is typically made by the winemaker and informed by the level of sugar (called  Brix), acid (TA or Titratable Acidity as expressed by tartaric acid equivalents) and pH of the grapes. Other considerations include phenological ripeness, berry flavor, tannin development (seed color and taste). Overall disposition of the grapevine and weather forecasts are taken into account.


Night harvest by hand of wine grapes in Napa, California
Mechanical harvesters are large tractors that straddle grapevine trellises and, using firm plastic or rubber rods, strike the fruiting zone of the grapevine to dislodge the grapes from the rachis. Mechanical harvesters have the advantage of being able to cover a large area of vineyard land in a relatively short period of time, and with a minimum investment of manpower per harvested ton. A disadvantage of mechanical harvesting is the indiscriminate inclusion of foreign non-grape material in the product, especially leaf stems and leaves, but also, depending on the trellis system and grapevine canopy management, may include moldy grapes,canes, metal debris, rocks and even small animals and bird nests. Some winemakers remove leaves and loose debris from the grapevine before mechanical harvesting to avoid such material being included in the harvested fruit. In the United States mechanical harvesting is seldom used for premium winemaking because of the indiscriminate picking and increased oxidation of the grape juice. In other countries (such as Australia and New Zealand), mechanical harvesting of premium winegrapes is more common because of general labor shortages.

Manual harvesting is the hand-picking of grape clusters from the grapevines. In the United States, some grapes are picked into one- or two-ton bins for transport back to the winery. Manual harvesting has the advantage of using knowledgeable labor to not only pick the ripe clusters but also to leave behind the clusters that are not ripe or contain bunch rot or other defects. This can be an effective first line of defense to prevent inferior quality fruit from contaminating a lot or tank of wine.

Destemming is the process of separating stems from the grapes. Depending on the winemaking procedure, this process may be undertaken before crushing with the purpose of lowering the development of tannins and vegetal flavors in the resulting wine. Single berry harvesting, as is done with some German Trockenbeerenauslese, avoids this step altogether with the grapes being individually selected.

Crushing and primary (alcoholic) fermentation[edit]
Main article: Fermentation (wine)

In ancient times berries were crushed by foot in a barrel or pit

The corkscrew-shaped feed auger sits on top of a mechanical crusher-destemmer. Grape clusters are fed into the machine, where they are first crushed, then destemmed. Stems exit at the end, while juice, skins, seeds, and some debris exit the bottom.
Crushing is the process when gently squeezing the berries and breaking the skins to start to liberate the contents of the berries. Destemming is the process of removing the grapes from the rachis (the stem which holds the grapes). In traditional and smaller-scale wine making, the harvested grapes are sometimes crushed by trampling them barefoot or by the use of inexpensive small scale crushers. These can also destem at the same time. However, in larger wineries, a mechanical crusher/destemmer is used. The decision about destemming is different for red and white wine making. Generally when making white wine the fruit is only crushed, the stems are then placed in the press with the berries. The presence of stems in the mix facilitates pressing by allowing juice to flow past flattened skins. These accumulate at the edge of the press. For red winemaking, stems of the grapes are usually removed before fermentation since the stems have a relatively high tannin content; in addition to tannin they can also give the wine a vegetal aroma (due to extraction of 2-methoxy-3-isopropylpyrazine which has an aroma reminiscent of green bell peppers.) On occasion, the winemaker may decide to leave them in if the grapes themselves contain less tannin than desired. This is more acceptable if the stems have 'ripened' and started to turn brown. If increased skin extraction is desired, a winemaker might choose to crush the grapes after destemming. Removal of stems first means no stem tannin can be extracted. In these cases the grapes pass between two rollers which squeeze the grapes enough to separate the skin and pulp, but not so much as to cause excessive shearing or tearing of the skin tissues. In some cases, notably with "delicate" red varietals such as Pinot noir or Syrah, all or part of the grapes might be left uncrushed (called "whole berry") to encourage the retention of fruity aromas through partial carbonic maceration.


Crushed grapes leaving the crusher
Most red wines derive their color from grape skins (the exception being varieties or hybrids of non-vinifera vines which contain juice pigmented with the dark Malvidin 3,5-diglucoside anthocyanin) and therefore contact between the juice and skins is essential for color extraction. Red wines are produced by destemming and crushing the grapes into a tank and leaving the skins in contact with the juice throughout the fermentation (maceration). It is possible to produce white (colorless) wines from red grapes by the fastidious pressing of uncrushed fruit. This minimizes contact between grape juice and skins (as in the making of Blanc de noirs sparkling wine, which is derived from Pinot noir, a red vinifera grape.)

Most white wines are processed without destemming or crushing and are transferred from picking bins directly to the press. This is to avoid any extraction of tannin from either the skins or grapeseeds, as well as maintaining proper juice flow through a matrix of grape clusters rather than loose berries. In some circumstances winemakers choose to crush white grapes for a short period of skin contact, usually for three to 24 hours. This serves to extract flavor and tannin from the skins (the tannin being extracted to encourage protein precipitation without excessive Bentonite addition) as well as Potassium ions, which participate in bitartrate precipitation (cream of tartar). It also results in an increase in the pH of the juice which may be desirable for overly acidic grapes. This was a practice more common in the 1970s than today, though still practiced by some Sauvignon blanc and Chardonnay producers in California.

In the case of ros  wines, the fruit is crushed and the dark skins are left in contact with the juice just long enough to extract the color that the winemaker desires. The must is then pressed, and fermentation continues as if the winemaker was making a white wine.

Yeast is normally already present on the grapes, often visible as a powdery appearance of the grapes. The primary, or alcoholic fermentation can be done with this natural yeast, but since this can give unpredictable results depending on the exact types of yeast that are present, cultured yeast is often added to the must. One of the main problems with the use of wild ferments is the failure for the fermentation to go to completion, that is some sugar remains unfermented. This can make the wine sweet when a dry wine is desired. Frequently wild ferments lead to the production of unpleasant acetic acid (vinegar) production as a by product.


A cap of grape skins forms on the surface of fermenting red wine.
During the primary fermentation, the yeast cells feed on the sugars in the must and multiply, producing carbon dioxide gas and alcohol. The temperature during the fermentation affects both the taste of the end product, as well as the speed of the fermentation. For red wines, the temperature is typically 22 to 25  C, and for white wines 15 to 18  C. For every gram of sugar that is converted, about half a gram of alcohol is produced, so to achieve a 12% alcohol concentration, the must should contain about 24% sugars. The sugar percentage of the must is calculated from the measured density, the must weight, with the help of a specialized type of hydrometer called a saccharometer. If the sugar content of the grapes is too low to obtain the desired alcohol percentage, sugar can be added (chaptalization). In commercial winemaking, chaptalization is subject to local regulations.

Alcohol of more than 12% can be achieved by using yeast that can withstand high alcohol. Some yeasts can produce 18% alcohol in the wine however extra sugar is added to produce a high alcohol content.

During or after the alcoholic fermentation, a secondary, or malolactic fermentation can also take place, during which specific strains of bacteria (lactobacter) convert malic acid into the milder lactic acid. This fermentation is often initiated by inoculation with desired bacteria.

Pressing[edit]

Ancient winepress in Migdal HaEmek, with the pressing area in the center and the collection vat off to the bottom left.
Pressing is the act of applying pressure to grapes or pomace in order to separate juice or wine from grapes and grape skins. Pressing is not always a necessary act in winemaking; if grapes are crushed there is a considerable amount of juice immediately liberated (called free-run juice) that can be used for vinification. Typically this free-run juice is of a higher quality than the press juice.[citation needed] However, most wineries do use presses in order to increase their production (gallons) per ton, as pressed juice can represent between 15%-30% of the total juice volume from the grape.

Presses act by positioning the grape skins or whole grape clusters between a rigid surface and a movable surface and slowly decrease the volume between the two surfaces. Modern presses dictate the duration and pressure at each press cycle, usually ramping from 0 Bar to 2.0 Bar. Sometimes winemakers choose pressures which separate the streams of pressed juice, called making "press cuts." As the pressure increases the amount of tannin extracted from the skins into the juice increases, often rendering the pressed juice excessively tannic or harsh. Because of the location of grape juice constituents in the berry (water and acid are found primarily in the mesocarp or pulp, whereas tannins are found primarily in the exocarp, or skin, and seeds), pressed juice or wine tends to be lower in acidity with a higher pH than the free-run juice.

Before the advent of modern winemaking, most presses were basket presses made of wood and operated manually. Basket presses are composed of a cylinder of wooden slats on top of a fixed plate, with a moveable plate that can be forced downward (usually by a central ratcheting threaded screw.) The press operator would load the grapes or pomace into the wooden cylinder, put the top plate in place and lower it until juice flowed from the wooden slats. As the juice flow decreased, the plate was ratcheted down again. This process continued until the press operator determined that the quality of the pressed juice or wine was below standard, or all liquids had been pressed. Since the early 1990s, modern mechanical basket presses have been revived through higher-end producers seeking to replicate the gentle pressing of the historical basket presses. Because basket presses have a relatively compact design, the press cake offers a relatively longer pathway for the juice to travel before leaving the press. It is believed by advocates of basket presses that this relatively long pathway through the grape or pomace cake serves as a filter to solids that would otherwise affect the quality of the press juice.


Antique wooden wine press in front of World Heritage vineyards
With red wines, the must is pressed after primary fermentation, which separates the skins and other solid matter from the liquid. With white wine, the liquid is separated from the must before fermentation . With rose, the skins may be kept in contact for a shorter period to give color to the wine, in that case the must may be pressed as well. After a period in which the wine stands or ages, the wine is separated from the dead yeast and any solids that remained (called lees), and transferred to a new container where any additional fermentation may take place.

Pigeage[edit]
Main article: Maceration (wine)
Pigeage is a French winemaking term for the traditional grape stomping in open fermentation tanks. To make certain types of wine, grapes are put through a crusher and then poured into open fermentation tanks. Once fermentation begins, the grape skins are pushed to the surface by carbon dioxide gases released in the fermentation process. This layer of skins and other solids is known as the cap. As the skins are the source of the tannins, the cap needs to be mixed through the liquid each day, or "punched," which traditionally is done by stomping through the vat.

Cold stabilization[edit]
See also: Clarification and stabilization of wine
Cold stabilization is a process used in winemaking to reduce tartrate crystals (generally potassium bitartrate) in wine. These tartrate crystals look like grains of clear sand, and are also known as "wine crystals" or "wine diamonds". They are formed by the union of tartaric acid and potassium, and may appear to be sediment in the wine, though they are not. During the cold stabilizing process after fermentation, the temperature of the wine is dropped to close to freezing for 1 2 weeks. This will cause the crystals to separate from the wine and stick to the sides of the holding vessel. When the wine is drained from the vessels, the tartrates are left behind. They may also form in wine bottles that have been stored under very cold conditions.

Secondary (malolactic) fermentation and bulk aging[edit]

Stainless steel fermentation vessels and new oak barrels at the Three Choirs Vineyard, Gloucestershire, England
During the secondary fermentation and aging process, which takes three to six months, the fermentation continues very slowly. The wine is kept under an airlock to protect the wine from oxidation. Proteins from the grape are broken down and the remaining yeast cells and other fine particles from the grapes are allowed to settle. Potassium bitartrate will also precipitate, a process which can be enhanced by cold stabilization to prevent the appearance of (harmless) tartrate crystals after bottling. The result of these processes is that the originally cloudy wine becomes clear. The wine can be racked during this process to remove the lees.

The secondary fermentation usually takes place in either large stainless steel vessels with a volume of several cubic meters, or oak barrels, depending on the goals of the winemakers. Unoaked wine is fermented in a barrel made of stainless steel or other material having no influence in the final taste of the wine. Depending on the desired taste, it could be fermented mainly in stainless steel to be briefly put in oak, or have the complete fermentation done in stainless steel. Oak could be added as chips used with a non-wooden barrel instead of a fully wooden barrel. This process is mainly used in cheaper wine.

Amateur winemakers often use glass carboys in the production of their wine; these vessels (sometimes called demijohns) have a capacity of 4.5 to 54 liters (1.2 14.3 US gallons). The kind of vessel used depends on the amount of wine that is being made, the grapes being used, and the intentions of the winemaker.

Malolactic fermentation[edit]
Malolactic fermentation occurs when lactic acid bacteria metabolize malic acid and produce lactic acid and carbon dioxide. This is carried out either as an intentional procedure in which specially cultivated strains of such bacteria are introduced into the maturing wine, or it can happen by chance if uncultivated lactic acid bacteria are present.

Malolactic fermentation can improve the taste of wine that has high levels of malic acid, because malic acid, in higher concentration, generally causes an unpleasant harsh and bitter taste sensation, whereas lactic acid is more gentle and less sour. Lactic acid is an acid found in dairy products. Malolactic fermentation usually results in an increase on the pH of the wine. This should be monitored and not allowed to rise above a pH of 3.55 for whites or a pH of 3.80 for reds. pH can be reduced roughly at a rate of 0.1 units per 1 gram/litre of tartaric acid addition.

The use of lactic acid bacteria is the reason why some chardonnays can taste "buttery" due to the production of diacetyl by the bacteria. All red wines go through complete malolactic fermentation, both to lessen the acid of the wine and to remove the possibility that malolactic fermentation will occur in the bottle. White wines vary in the use of malolactic fermentation during their making. Lighter aromatic wines such as Riesling, generally do not go through malolactic fermentation. The fuller white wines such as barrel fermented chardonnay, are more commonly put through malolactic fermentation. Sometimes a partial fermentation, for example, somewhere less than 50% might be employed.

Laboratory tests[edit]

Testing wine for sulphur dioxide level
Whether the wine is aging in tanks or barrels, tests are run periodically in a laboratory to check the status of the wine. Common tests include  Brix, pH, titratable acidity, residual sugar, free or available sulfur, total sulfur, volatile acidity and percent alcohol. Additional tests include those for the crystallization of cream of tartar (potassium hydrogen tartrate) and the precipitation of heat unstable protein; this last test is limited to white wines. These tests may be performed throughout the making of the wine as well as prior to bottling. In response to the results of these tests, a winemaker can decide on appropriate remedial action, for example the addition of more sulfur dioxide. Sensory tests will also be performed and again in response to these a winemaker may take remedial action such as the addition of a protein to soften the taste of the wine.

 Brix is one measure of the soluble solids in the grape juice and represents not only the sugars but also includes many other soluble substances such as salts, acids and tannins, sometimes called Total Soluble Solids (TSS). Because sugar is the dominant compound in grape juice, these units are effectively a measure of sugar level. The level of sugar in the grapes determines the final alcohol content of the wine as well as indirect index of grape maturity. Brix (Bx for short) is measured in grams per hundred grams of solution, so 20 Bx means that 100 grams of juice contains 20gm of dissolved compounds. There are other common measures of sugar content of grapes, Specific gravity, Oechsle (Germany) and Beaume (France). In the French Baum  (Be  or B   for short) one Be  corresponds approximately to one percent alcohol. One Be  is equal to 1.8 Brix, that is 1.8 grams of sugar per one hundred grams. Therefore, to achieve one percent alcohol the winemaker adds 1.8 grams per 100 ml or 18 grams per liter   a practice known as chaptalization, which is illegal in some countries and in California.

Brix is usually measured with a refractometer while the other methods use a hydrometer. Generally, hydrometers are a cheaper alternative.

Volatile acidity test verifies if there is any steam distillable acids in the wine. Mainly present is acetic acid (the dominant component of vinegar), but lactic, butyric, propionic, and formic acid can also be found. Usually the test checks for these acids in a cash still, but there are other methods available such as HPLC, gas chromatography and enzymatic methods. The amount of volatile acidity found in sound grapes is negligible, because it is a by-product of microbial metabolism. Because acetic acid bacteria require oxygen to grow, eliminating any air in wine containers as well as addition of sulfur dioxide will limit their growth. Rejecting moldy grapes also prevents possible problems associated with acetic acid bacteria. Use of sulfur dioxide and inoculation with a low-V.A. producing strain of Saccharomyces may deter acetic acid producing yeast. A relatively new method for removal of volatile acidity from a wine is reverse osmosis. Blending may also help a wine with high V.A. can be filtered (to remove the microbe responsible) and blended with a low V.A. wine, so that the acetic acid level is below the sensory threshold.

Sulphur dioxide can be readily measured with relatively simple laboratory equipment. There are several methods available; a typical test involves acidification of a sample with phosphoric acid, distillation of the liberated SO2, and capture by hydrogen peroxide solution. The SO2 and peroxide react to form sulphuric acid, which is then titrated with NaOH to an end point with an indicator, and the volume of NaOH required is used to calculate the SO2 level. This method has inaccuracies associated with red wine, inefficient condensers, and excessive aspiration rate, although the results are reproducible, having an accuracy with just a 2.5-5% error,[Buechsenstein and Ough, 1978].[citation needed], which is sufficient to control the level of sulphur dioxide in wine.[2]

Blending and fining[edit]
Different batches of wine can be mixed before bottling in order to achieve the desired taste. The winemaker can correct perceived inadequacies by mixing wines from different grapes and batches that were produced under different conditions. These adjustments can be as simple as adjusting acid or tannin levels, to as complex as blending different varieties or vintages to achieve a consistent taste.

Fining agents are used during winemaking to remove tannins, reduce astringency and remove microscopic particles that could cloud the wines. The winemakers decide on which fining agents are used and these may vary from product to product and even batch to batch (usually depending on the grapes of that particular year).[3]

Gelatin has been used in winemaking for centuries and is recognized as a traditional method for wine fining, or clarifying. It is also the most commonly used agent to reduce the tannin content. Generally no gelatin remains in the wine because it reacts with the wine components, as it clarifies, and forms a sediment which is removed by filtration prior to bottling.

Besides gelatin, other fining agents for wine are often derived from animal products, such as micronized potassium casseinate (casein is milk protein), egg whites, egg albumin, bone char, bull's blood, isinglass (Sturgeon bladder), PVPP (a synthetic compound), lysozyme, and skim milk powder.[3]

Some aromatized wines contain honey or egg-yolk extract.[3]

Non-animal-based filtering agents are also often used, such as bentonite (a volcanic clay-based filter), diatomaceous earth, cellulose pads, paper filters and membrane filters (thin films of plastic polymer material having uniformly sized holes).

Preservatives[edit]
The most common preservative used in winemaking is sulfur dioxide, normally added in one of the following forms: liquid sulfur dioxide, sodium or potassium metabisulphite. Another useful preservative is potassium sorbate.

Sulfur dioxide has two primary actions, firstly it is an anti microbial agent and secondly an anti oxidant. In the making of white wine it can be added prior to fermentation and immediately after alcoholic fermentation is complete. If added after alcoholic ferment it will have the effect of preventing or stopping malolactic fermentation, bacterial spoilage and help protect against the damaging effects of oxygen. Additions of up to 100 mg per liter (of sulfur dioxide) can be added, but the available or free sulfur dioxide should be measured by the aspiration method and adjusted to 30 mg per liter. Available sulfur dioxide should be maintained at this level until bottling. For rose wines smaller additions should be made and the available level should be no more than 30 mg per liter.

In the making of red wine, sulfur dioxide may be used at high levels (100 mg per liter) prior to ferment to assist in color stabilization. Otherwise, it is used at the end of malolactic ferment and performs the same functions as in white wine. However, small additions (say 20 mg per liter) should be used to avoid bleaching red pigments and the maintenance level should be about 20 mg per liter. Furthermore, small additions (say 20 mg per liter) may be made to red wine after alcoholic ferment and before malolactic ferment to overcome minor oxidation and prevent the growth of acetic acid bacteria.

Without the use of sulfur dioxide, wines can readily suffer bacterial spoilage no matter how hygienic the winemaking practice.

Potassium sorbate is effective for the control of fungal growth, including yeast, especially for sweet wines in bottle. However, one potential hazard is the metabolism of sorbate to geraniol which is a potent and unpleasant by-product. The production of geraniol occurs only if sorbic acid is present during malo-lactic fermentation. To avoid this, either the wine must be sterile bottled or contain enough sulfur dioxide to inhibit the growth of bacteria. Sterile bottling includes the use of filtration.

Some winemakers practice natural wine making where no preservative is added. Once the wine is bottled and corked, the bottles are put into refrigeration with temperatures near 5  C.

Filtration[edit]
Filtration in winemaking is used to accomplish two objectives, clarification and microbial stabilization. In clarification, large particles that affect the visual appearance of the wine are removed. In microbial stabilization, organisms that affect the stability of the wine are removed therefore reducing the likelihood of re-fermentation or spoilage.


A wine labelling machine in France
The process of clarification is concerned with the removal of particles; those larger than 5 10 micrometers for coarse polishing, particles larger than 1 4 micrometers for clarifying or polishing. Microbial stabilization requires a filtration of at least 0.65 micrometers for yeast retention and 0.45  m for bacteria retention. However, filtration at this level may lighten a wine's color and body. Microbial stabilization does not imply sterility, i.e. eliminating (removing) or killing (deactivating) of all forms of life and other biological agents. It simply means that a significant amount of yeast and bacteria has been removed to a harmless level for the wine stability.

Clarification of the wine can take place naturally by putting the wine into refrigeration at 35  F (2  C). The wine takes about a month to settle and it is clear. No chemicals are needed.

Bottling[edit]
A final dose of sulfite is added to help preserve the wine and prevent unwanted fermentation in the bottle. The wine bottles then are traditionally sealed with a cork, although alternative wine closures such as synthetic corks and screwcaps, which are less subject to cork taint, are becoming increasingly popular.[4] The final step is adding a capsule [5] to the top of the bottle which is then heated [6] for a tight seal.

Winemakers[edit]
Traditionally known as a vintner, a winemaker is a person engaged in making wine. They are generally employed by wineries or wine companies.

List of 15 largest winemakers by countries.[7] (Volume in thousands of hectoliters)

New media art
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Media arts)

Newskool ASCII Screenshot with the words  Closed Society II 

Eduardo Kac's installation "Genesis" Ars Electronica 1999

10.000 moving cities, Marc Lee, 2013, National Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art Seoul, Korea
New media art is a genre that encompasses artworks created with new media technologies, including digital art, computer graphics, computer animation, virtual art, Internet art, interactive art, video games, computer robotics, 3D printing, cyborg art and art as biotechnology. The term differentiates itself by its resulting cultural objects and social events, which can be seen in opposition to those deriving from old visual arts (i.e. traditional painting, sculpture, etc.). This concern with medium is a key feature of much contemporary art and indeed many art schools and major universities now offer majors in "New Genres" or "New Media"[1] and a growing number of graduate programs have emerged internationally.[2] New Media Art often involves interaction between artist and observer or between observers and the artwork, which responds to them. Yet, as several theorists and curators have noted, such forms of interaction, social exchange, participation, and transformation do not distinguish new media art but rather serve as a common ground that has parallels in other strands of contemporary art practice.[3] Such insights emphasize the forms of cultural practice that arise concurrently with emerging technological platforms, and question the focus on technological media, per se.

New Media concerns are often derived from the telecommunications, mass media and digital electronic modes of delivering the artworks involve, with practices ranging from conceptual to virtual art, performance to installation.

Contents  [hide] 
1 History
2 Themes
3 Presentation and preservation
4 Education
5 Leading art theorists and historians
6 Types
7 Artists
8 Curators
9 Cultural centres
10  See also
11  References
12  Further reading
History[edit]

This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (September 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
The origins of new media art can be traced to the moving photographic inventions of the late 19th century such as the zoetrope (1834), the praxinoscope (1877) and Eadweard Muybridge's zoopraxiscope (1879). From the 1920s through the 1950s, various forms of kinetic and light art, from Thomas Wilfred's 'Lumia' (1919) and 'Clavilux' light organs to Jean Tinguely's self-destructing sculpture 'Homage to New York' (1960) can be seen as progenitors of new media art.

In 1958 Wolf Vostell becomes the first artist who incorporates a television set into one of his works. The Black Room Cycle.[4] This installation is part of the collection of the Berlinische Galerie.

During the 1960s the development of then new technologies of video produced the new media art experiments of Nam June Paik, and Wolf Vostell with the installation 6 TV D -coll/age in 1963 at the Smolin Gallery in New York.[5] A. Michael Noll, and multimedia performances of E.A.T., Fluxus and Happening. In 1983, Roy Ascott introduced the concept of "distributed authorship" in his worldwide telematic project La Plissure du Texte[6] for Frank Popper's "Electra" at the Mus e d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris . The development of computer graphics at the end of the 1980s and real time technologies then in the 1990s combined with the spreading of the Web and the Internet favored the emergence of new and various forms of interactivity art by Lynn Hershman Leeson, David Rokeby, Ken Rinaldo, Perry Hoberman; telematic art by Roy Ascott; Internet art by Vuk  osi , Jodi; virtual and immersive art by Jeffrey Shaw, Maurice Benayoun and large scale urban installation by Rafael Lozano-Hemmer.


World Skin (1997), Maurice Benayoun's Virtual Reality Interactive Installation
Simultaneously advances in biotechnology have also allowed artists like Eduardo Kac to begin exploring DNA and genetics as a new art medium.

New Media Art influences on new media art have been the theories developed around hypertext, databases, and networks. Important thinkers in this regard have been Vannevar Bush and Theodor Nelson, whereas comparable ideas can be found in the literary works of Jorge Luis Borges, Italo Calvino, and Julio Cort zar. These elements have been especially revolutionary for the field of narrative and anti-narrative studies, leading explorations into areas such as non-linear and interactive narratives.

Themes[edit]
In the book New Media Art, Mark Tribe and Reena Jana named several themes that contemporary new media art addresses, including computer art, collaboration, identity, appropriation, open sourcing, telepresence, surveillance, corporate parody, as well as intervention and hacktivism.[7] In the book Postdigitale,[8] Maurizio Bolognini suggested that new media artists have one common denominator, which is a self-referential relationship with the new technologies, the result of finding oneself inside an epoch-making transformation determined by technological development. Nevertheless, new media art does not appear as a set of homogeneous practices, but as a complex field converging around three main elements: 1) the art system, 2) scientific and industrial research, and 3) political-cultural media activism.[9] There are significant differences between scientist-artists, activist-artists and technological artists closer to the art system, who not only have different training and technocultures, but have different artistic production.[10] This should be taken into account in examining the several themes addressed by new media art.

Non-linearity can be seen as an important topic to new media art by artists developing interactive, generative, collaborative, immersive artworks like Jeffrey Shaw or Maurice Benayoun who explored the term as an approach to looking at varying forms of digital projects where the content relays on the user's experience. This is a key concept since people acquired the notion that they were conditioned to view everything in a linear and clear-cut fashion. Now, art is stepping out of that form and allowing for people to build their own experiences with the piece. Non-linearity describes a project that escape from the conventional linear narrative coming from novels, theater plays and movies. Non-linear art usually requires audience participation or at least, the fact that the "visitor" is taken into consideration by the representation, altering the displayed content. The participatory aspect of new media art, which for some artists has become integral, emerged from Allan Kaprow's Happenings and became with Internet, a significant component of contemporary art. Art is not produced as a completed object submitted to the audience appreciation, it is a process in permanent mutation.[citation needed]

The inter-connectivity and interactivity of the internet, as well as the fight between corporate interests, governmental interests, and public interests that gave birth to the web today, fascinate and inspire a lot of current new media art.

Many new media art projects also work with themes like politics and social consciousness, allowing for social activism through the interactive nature of the media. New media art includes "explorations of code and user interface; interrogations of archives, databases, and networks; production via automated scraping, filtering, cloning, and recombinatory techniques; applications of user-generated content (UGC) layers; crowdsourcing ideas on social- media platforms; narrowcasting digital selves on  free  websites that claim copyright; and provocative performances that implicate audiences as participants."[11]

One of the key themes in new media art is to create visual views of databases. Pioneers in this area include Lisa Strausfeld and Martin Wattenberg.[12] Database aesthetics holds at least two attractions to new media artists: formally, as a new variation on non-linear narratives; and politically as a means to subvert what is fast becoming a form of control and authority.

The emergence of 3D printing has introduced a new bridge to new media art, joining the virtual and the physical worlds. The rise of this technology has allowed artists to blend the computational base of new media art with the traditional physical form of sculpture. A pioneer in this field was artist Jonty Hurwitz who created the first known anamorphosis sculpture using this technique.

Themes

G.H. Hovagimyan "A Soapopera for iMacs"
 

Gopakumar R. P. Linguistics River, Internet art
 

Michael Demers, 2009. Color Field Paintings (Browser).
 

Maurizio Bolognini's programmed machines (Computer sigillati series, 1992): hundreds of computers have been producing endless flows of random images.<ref>S. Solimano (ed.) (2005). Maurizio Bolognini. Programmed Machines 1990-2005. Genoa: Villa Croce Museum of Contemporary Art, Neos. ISBN 88-87262-47-0.
 

Genco Gulan "Hello, 2015. Sculpture with a Robotic Arm."
Presentation and preservation[edit]
As the technologies used to deliver works of new media art such as film, tapes, web browsers, software and operating systems become obsolete, New Media art faces serious issues around the challenge to preserve artwork beyond the time of its contemporary production. Currently, research projects into New media art preservation are underway to improve the preservation and documentation of the fragile media arts heritage (see DOCAM - Documentation and Conservation of the Media Arts Heritage).

Methods of preservation exist, including the translation of a work from an obsolete medium into a related new medium,[13] the digital archiving of media (see Internet Archive), and the use of emulators to preserve work dependent on obsolete software or operating system environments.[14]

Education[edit]
In New Media programs, students are able to get acquainted with the newest forms of creation and communication. New Media students learn to identify what is or isn't "new" about certain technologies.[15] Science and the market will always present new tools and platforms for artists and designers. Students learn how to sort through new emerging technological platforms and place them in a larger context of sensation, communication, production, and consumption.

When obtaining a bachelor's degree in New Media, students will primarily work through practice of building experiences that utilize new and old technologies and narrative. Through the construction of projects in various media, they acquire technical skills, practice vocabularies of critique and analysis, and gain familiarity with historical and contemporary precedents.[15] New Media studies lets students create and manipulate new technologies. The nature of New Media Art provides an opportunity for students to expand the art field in new directions, however they see fit.[citation needed]

In the United States, many Bachelor's and Master's level programs exist with concentrations on Media Art, New Media, Media Design, Digital Media and Interactive Arts.[16]

Leading art theorists and historians[edit]
Leading art theorists and historians in this field include Roy Ascott, Maurice Benayoun, Christine Buci-Glucksmann, Jack Burnham, Mario Costa, Edmond Couchot, Fred Forest, Oliver Grau, Margot Lovejoy, Dominique Moulon, Robert C. Morgan, Joseph Nechvatal, Christiane Paul, Catherine Perret, Frank Popper, and Edward A. Shanken.

Types[edit]
The term New Media Art is generally applied to disciplines such as:

Artistic computer game modification
ASCII art
Bio Art
Cyberformance
Computer art
Digital art
Digital poetry
Tradigital art
Electronic art
Experimental musical instrument building
Evolutionary art
Fax art
Generative art
Glitch art
Hacktivism
Hypertext
Information art
Interactive art
Internet art
Kinetic art
Light art
Motion graphics
Net art
Performance art
Radio art
Robotic art
Software art
Sound art
Systems art
Telematic art
Video art
Video games
Virtual art
Artists[edit]
Cory Arcangel
Miguel  lvarez-Fern ndez
Carlos Amorales
Roy Ascott
Maurice Benayoun
Wafaa Bilal
Jeremy Blake
Maurizio Bolognini
Oleg Buryan
C6.org
Micha C rdenas
Janet Cardiff
Brody Condon
Petra Cortright
Beatriz da Costa
Critical Art Ensemble
Nick Crowe
Sharon Daniel
Liu Dao
Char Davies
Ronald Davis
Heiko Daxl
Michael Demers
Electronic Disturbance Theater
Arthur Elsenaar
David Em
Ursula Endlicher
Ken Feingold
Mary Flanagan
Floating Point Unit
Ingeborg F lepp
Furtherfield
Rick Gibson
Ken Goldberg
Guillermo G mez-Pe a
greyworld
Phil Hansen
Lynn Hershman
Perry Hoberman
Tiffany Holmes
Marc Horowitz
G.H. Hovagimyan
Jonty Hurwitz
Ryoji Ikeda
Toshio Iwai
Barbara Januszkiewicz
Eduardo Kac
Allan Kaprow
KMA
Knowbotic Research
Aaron Koblin
Myron Krueger
Ryota Kuwakubo
Antoinette LaFarge
Roy LaGrone
Steve Lambert
Marc Lee
Golan Levin
LIA
Olia Lialina
Lin Hsin Hsin
Marita Liulia
Teddy Lo
Rafael Lozano-Hemmer
Machfeld
John Maeda
Judy Malloy
Sergio Maltagliati
Michael Mandiberg
Miltos Manetas
Lev Manovich
Cathy Marshall
Eva and Franco Mattes
Yucef Merhi
Elle Mehrmand
Bj rn Melhus
Eric Millikin
Christian Moeller
Francesco Monico
Manfred Mohr
Joshua Mosley
Michael Naimark
Joseph Nechvatal
Kingsley Ng
Carsten Nicolai
Nsumi
Mendi & Keith Obadike
Erwin Olaf
Marisa Olson
Anuska Oosterhuis
Randall Packer
Nam June Paik
Zaven Par 
Eric Paulos
Maja Petri 
Dani Ploeger
Jim Pomeroy
Melinda Rackham
Ken Rinaldo
David Rokeby
Jason Salavon
Daan Samson
Charles Sandison
Antoine Schmitt
Lillian Schwartz
Marie Sester
Jeffrey Shaw
Laila Shereen Sakr
Alexei Shulgin
Scott Snibbe
Jonas Staal
Stelarc (Stelios Arkadiou)
System D-128
Tinkebell
Thomson & Craighead
Elena Tejada-Herrera
Kenneth Tin-Kin Hung
Timo Toots
Ryan Trecartin
Ubermorgen
Camille Utterback
Bill Viola
VNS Matrix
Wolf Vostell
Lee Walton
Noah Wardrip-Fruin
Martin Wattenberg
Gillian Wearing
Lee Wells
Leonel Moura
Curators[edit]
Inke Arns
Klaus Biesenbach
Anne Bray
Sarah Cook
Barbara London
Christiane Paul
Won-il Rhee
Lawrence Rinder
Basak Senova
Mark Tribe
Peter Weibel
Lee Wells
Cultural centres[edit]
Australian Network for Art and Technology
Center for Art and Media Karlsruhe
Eyebeam Art and Technology Center
Foundation for Art and Creative Technology
Hartware MedienKunstverein (HMKV)
Harvestworks Digital Media Arts Center
Independent Media Arts Alliance
MP Lab (Part of the University of Liep ja)
MoTA
NTT InterCommunication Center
Netherlands Media Art Institute
Rhizome (organization)
School of the Art Institute of Chicago
Squeaky Wheel: Film and Media Arts Center
V2 Institute for the Unstable Media
WORM
See also[edit]
ART/MEDIA
Artmedia
Aspect magazine
CRUMB - Curatorial Resource for Upstart Media Bliss
Culture Jamming
Digital art
Digital Media
Digital puppetry
DOCAM: Documentation and Conservation of the Media Arts Heritage
Electronic art
Electronic Language International Festival
Expanded Cinema
Experiments in Art and Technology
Interactive film
Interactive Media
Intermedia
LA Freewaves
Net.art
New Epoch Notation Painting
New Media art festivals
New media artist
New media art journals
New media art preservation
Perpetual art machine
Remix culture
VJing
Photography
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
"Photographic" redirects here. For the image obtained, see Photograph. For other uses, see Photography (disambiguation).

Lens and mounting of a large-format camera
Photography is the science, art and practice of creating durable images by recording light or other electromagnetic radiation, either electronically by means of an image sensor, or chemically by means of a light-sensitive material such as photographic film.[1]

Typically, a lens is used to focus the light reflected or emitted from objects into a real image on the light-sensitive surface inside a camera during a timed exposure. With an electronic image sensor, this produces an electrical charge at each pixel, which is electronically processed and stored in a digital image file for subsequent display or processing. The result with photographic emulsion is an invisible latent image, which is later chemically "developed" into a visible image, either negative or positive depending on the purpose of the photographic material and the method of processing. A negative image on film is traditionally used to photographically create a positive image on a paper base, known as a print, either by using an enlarger or by contact printing.

Photography is employed in many fields of science, manufacturing (e.g., photolithography) and business, as well as its more direct uses for art, film and video production, recreational purposes, hobby, and mass communication.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Etymology
2 History
2.1 Precursor technologies
2.2 Invention of photography
2.3 Film photography
2.4 Black-and-white
2.5 Color
2.6 Digital photography
2.7 Synthesis photography
3 Evolution of the camera
4 Technical aspects
4.1 Camera controls
4.2 Exposure and rendering
5 Other photographic techniques
5.1 Stereoscopic
5.2 Full-spectrum, ultraviolet and infrared
5.3 Light field photography
5.4 Other imaging techniques
6 Modes of production
6.1 Amateur
6.2 Commercial
6.3 Art
6.4 Science and forensics
7 Social and cultural implications
8 Law
9 See also
10  References
11  Further reading
11.1  Introduction
11.2  History
11.3  Reference works
11.4  Other books
12  External links
Etymology[edit]
The word "photography" was created from the Greek roots       (ph tos), genitive of     (ph s), "light"[2] and       (graph ) "representation by means of lines" or "drawing",[3] together meaning "drawing with light".[4]

Several people may have coined the same new term from these roots independently. Hercules Florence, a French painter and inventor living in Campinas, Brazil, used the French form of the word, photographie, in private notes which a Brazilian photography historian believes were written in 1834.[5] Johann von Maedler, a Berlin astronomer, is credited in a 1932 German history of photography as having used it in an article published on 25 February 1839 in the German newspaper Vossische Zeitung.[6] Both of these claims are now widely reported but apparently neither has ever been independently confirmed as beyond reasonable doubt. Credit has traditionally been given to Sir John Herschel both for coining the word and for introducing it to the public. His uses of it in private correspondence prior to 25 February 1839 and at his Royal Society lecture on the subject in London on 14 March 1839 have long been amply documented and accepted as settled facts.

History[edit]
Main article: History of photography
See also: History of the camera
Precursor technologies[edit]

A camera obscura used for drawing images
Photography is the result of combining several technical discoveries. Long before the first photographs were made, Chinese philosopher Mo Di and Greek mathematicians Aristotle and Euclid described a pinhole camera in the 5th and 4th centuries BCE.[7][8] In the 6th century CE, Byzantine mathematician Anthemius of Tralles used a type of camera obscura in his experiments,[9] Ibn al-Haytham (Alhazen) (965 1040) studied the camera obscura and pinhole camera,[8][10] Albertus Magnus (1193 1280) discovered silver nitrate,[11] and Georg Fabricius (1516 71) discovered silver chloride.[12] Techniques described in the Book of Optics are capable of producing primitive photographs using medieval materials.[13][14][15]

Daniele Barbaro described a diaphragm in 1566.[16] Wilhelm Homberg described how light darkened some chemicals (photochemical effect) in 1694.[17] The fiction book Giphantie, published in 1760, by French author Tiphaigne de la Roche, described what can be interpreted as photography.[16]

The discovery of the camera obscura that provides an image of a scene dates back to ancient China. Leonardo da Vinci mentions natural camerae obscurae that are formed by dark caves on the edge of a sunlit valley. A hole in the cave wall will act as a pinhole camera and project a laterally reversed, upside down image on a piece of paper. So the birth of photography was primarily concerned with inventing means to fix and retain the image produced by the camera obscura.

Renaissance painters used the camera obscura which, in fact, gives the optical rendering in color that dominates Western Art. The camera obscura literally means "dark chamber" in Latin. It is a box with a hole in it which allows light to go through and create an image onto the piece of paper.

Invention of photography[edit]

Earliest known surviving heliographic engraving, 1825, printed from a metal plate made by Nic phore Ni pce.[18] The plate was exposed under an ordinary engraving and copied it by photographic means. This was a step towards the first permanent photograph taken with a camera.
Around the year 1800, Thomas Wedgwood made the first known attempt to capture the image in a camera obscura by means of a light-sensitive substance. He used paper or white leather treated with silver nitrate. Although he succeeded in capturing the shadows of objects placed on the surface in direct sunlight, and even made shadow-copies of paintings on glass, it was reported in 1802 that "the images formed by means of a camera obscura have been found too faint to produce, in any moderate time, an effect upon the nitrate of silver." The shadow images eventually darkened all over.[19]

The first permanent photoetching was an image produced in 1822 by the French inventor Nic phore Ni pce, but it was destroyed in a later attempt to make prints from it.[18] Ni pce was successful again in 1825. In 1826 or 1827, he made the View from the Window at Le Gras, the earliest surviving photograph from nature (i.e., of the image of a real-world scene, as formed in a camera obscura by a lens).[20]


World's earliest surviving camera photograph, 1826 or 1827: View from the Window at Le Gras
Because Ni pce's camera photographs required an extremely long exposure (at least eight hours and probably several days), he sought to greatly improve his bitumen process or replace it with one that was more practical. In partnership with Louis Daguerre, he worked out post-exposure processing methods that produced visually superior results and replaced the bitumen with a more light-sensitive resin, but hours of exposure in the camera were still required. With an eye to eventual commercial exploitation, the partners opted for total secrecy.

Ni pce died in 1833 and Daguerre then redirected the experiments toward the light-sensitive silver halides, which Ni pce had abandoned many years earlier because of his inability to make the images he captured with them light-fast and permanent. Daguerre's efforts culminated in what would later be named the daguerreotype process. The essential elements- a silver-plated surface sensitized by iodine vapor, developed by mercury vapor, and "fixed" with sodium hyposulfite- were in place in 1837. The required exposure time was measured in minutes instead of hours. Daguerre took the earliest confirmed photograph of a person in 1838 while capturing a view of a Paris street: unlike the other pedestrian and horse-drawn traffic on the busy boulevard, which appears deserted, one man having his boots polished stood sufficiently still throughout the approximately ten-minute-long exposure to be visible. The existence of Daguerre's process was publicly announced, without details, on 7 January 1839. The news created an international sensation. France soon agreed to pay Daguerre a pension in exchange for the right to present his invention to the world as the gift of France, which occurred when complete working instructions were unveiled on 19 August 1839.


A latticed window in Lacock Abbey, England, photographed by William Fox Talbot in 1835. Shown here in positive form, this may be the oldest extant photographic negative made in a camera.
Meanwhile, in Brazil, Hercules Florence had apparently started working out a silver-salt-based paper process in 1832, later naming it Photographie, and an English inventor, William Fox Talbot, succeeded in making crude but reasonably light-fast silver images on paper as early as 1834 but had kept his work secret. After reading about Daguerre's invention in January 1839, Talbot published his method and set about improving on it. At first, like other pre-daguerreotype processes, Talbot's paper-based photography typically required hours-long exposures in the camera, but in 1840 he created the calotype process, with exposures to a freshly-sensitized damp paper comparable to the daguerreotype. In both its original and calotype forms, Talbot's process, unlike Daguerre's, created a translucent negative which could be used to print multiple positive copies, the basis of most chemical photography up to the present day. Daguerreotypes could only be replicated by rephotographing them with a camera.[21] Talbot's famous tiny paper negative of the Oriel window in Lacock Abbey, one of a number of camera photographs he made in the summer of 1835, may be the oldest camera negative in existence.[22][23]

John Herschel made many contributions to the new field. He invented the cyanotype process, later familiar as the "blueprint". He was the first to use the terms "photography", "negative" and "positive". He had discovered in 1819 that sodium thiosulphate was a solvent of silver halides, and in 1839 he informed Talbot (and, indirectly, Daguerre) that it could be used to "fix" silver-halide-based photographs and make them completely light-fast. He made the first glass negative in late 1839.

In the March 1851 issue of The Chemist, Frederick Scott Archer published his wet plate collodion process. It became the most widely used photographic medium until the gelatin dry plate, introduced in the 1870s, eventually replaced it. There are three subsets to the collodion process; the Ambrotype (a positive image on glass), the Ferrotype or Tintype (a positive image on metal) and the glass negative, which was used to make positive prints on albumen or salted paper.

Many advances in photographic glass plates and printing were made during the rest of the 19th century. In 1891, Gabriel Lippmann introduced a process for making natural-color photographs based on the optical phenomenon of the interference of light waves. His scientifically elegant and important but ultimately impractical invention earned him the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1908.

Glass plates were the medium for most original camera photography from the late 1850s until the general introduction of flexible plastic films during the 1890s. Although the convenience of film greatly popularized amateur photography, early films were somewhat more expensive and of markedly lower optical quality than their glass plate equivalents, and until the late 1910s they were not available in the large formats preferred by most professional photographers, so the new medium did not immediately or completely replace the old. Because of the superior dimensional stability of glass, the use of plates for some scientific applications, such as astrophotography, continued into the 1990s, and in the niche field of laser holography it has persisted into the 2010s.

Film photography[edit]
Main article: Photographic film

Undeveloped Arista black-and-white film, ISO 125/22 
Hurter and Driffield began pioneering work on the light sensitivity of photographic emulsions in 1876. Their work enabled the first quantitative measure of film speed to be devised.

The first flexible photographic roll film was marketed by George Eastman in 1885, but this original "film" was actually a coating on a paper base. As part of the processing, the image-bearing layer was stripped from the paper and transferred to a hardened gelatin support. The first transparent plastic roll film followed in 1889. It was made from highly flammable nitrocellulose ("celluloid"), now usually called "nitrate film".

Although cellulose acetate or "safety film" had been introduced by Kodak in 1908,[24] at first it found only a few special applications as an alternative to the hazardous nitrate film, which had the advantages of being considerably tougher, slightly more transparent, and cheaper. The changeover was not completed for X-ray films until 1933, and although safety film was always used for 16 mm and 8 mm home movies, nitrate film remained standard for theatrical 35 mm motion pictures until it was finally discontinued in 1951.

Films remained the dominant form of photography until the early 21st century, when advances in digital photography drew consumers to digital formats.[25] Although modern photography is dominated by digital users, film continues to be used by enthusiasts and professional photographers. The distinctively "look" of film based photographs compared to digital images is likely due to a combination of factors, including: (1) differences in spectral and tonal sensitivity (S-shaped density-to-exposure (H&D curve) with film vs. linear response curve for digital CCD sensors [26] (2) resolution and (3) continuity of tone.[27]

Black-and-white[edit]
Main article: Monochrome photography

A photographic darkroom with safelight
Originally, all photography was monochrome, or black-and-white. Even after color film was readily available, black-and-white photography continued to dominate for decades, due to its lower cost and its "classic" photographic look. The tones and contrast between light and dark areas define black-and-white photography.[28] It is important to note that monochromatic pictures are not necessarily composed of pure blacks, whites, and intermediate shades of gray, but can involve shades of one particular hue depending on the process. The cyanotype process, for example, produces an image composed of blue tones. The albumen print process, first used more than 160 years ago, produces brownish tones.

Many photographers continue to produce some monochrome images, sometimes because of the established archival permanence of well-processed silver-halide-based materials. Some full-color digital images are processed using a variety of techniques to create black-and-white results, and some manufacturers produce digital cameras that exclusively shoot monochrome. Monochrome printing or electronic display can be used to salvage certain photographs taken in color which are unsatisfactory in their original form; sometimes when presented as black-and-white or single-color-toned images they are found to be more effective. Although color photography has long predominated, monochrome images are still produced, mostly for artistic reasons. Almost all digital cameras have an option to shoot in monochrome, and almost all image editing software can combine or selectively discard RGB color channels to produce a monochrome image from one shot in color.

Color[edit]
Main article: Color photography

Color photography was possible long before Kodachrome, as this 1903 portrait by Sarah Angelina Acland demonstrates, but in its earliest years the need for special equipment, long exposures and complicated printing processes made it extremely rare.
Color photography was explored beginning in the 1840s. Early experiments in color required extremely long exposures (hours or days for camera images) and could not "fix" the photograph to prevent the color from quickly fading when exposed to white light.

The first permanent color photograph was taken in 1861 using the three-color-separation principle first published by physicist James Clerk Maxwell in 1855. Maxwell's idea was to take three separate black-and-white photographs through red, green and blue filters. This provides the photographer with the three basic channels required to recreate a color image. Transparent prints of the images could be projected through similar color filters and superimposed on the projection screen, an additive method of color reproduction. A color print on paper could be produced by superimposing carbon prints of the three images made in their complementary colors, a subtractive method of color reproduction pioneered by Louis Ducos du Hauron in the late 1860s.

Russian photographer Sergei Mikhailovich Prokudin-Gorskii made extensive use of this color separation technique, employing a special camera which successively exposed the three color-filtered images on different parts of an oblong plate. Because his exposures were not simultaneous, unsteady subjects exhibited color "fringes" or, if rapidly moving through the scene, appeared as brightly colored ghosts in the resulting projected or printed images.

Implementation of color photography was hindered by the limited sensitivity of early photographic materials, which were mostly sensitive to blue, only slightly sensitive to green, and virtually insensitive to red. The discovery of dye sensitization by photochemist Hermann Vogel in 1873 suddenly made it possible to add sensitivity to green, yellow and even red. Improved color sensitizers and ongoing improvements in the overall sensitivity of emulsions steadily reduced the once-prohibitive long exposure times required for color, bringing it ever closer to commercial viability.

Autochrome, the first commercially successful color process, was introduced by the Lumi re brothers in 1907. Autochrome plates incorporated a mosaic color filter layer made of dyed grains of potato starch, which allowed the three color components to be recorded as adjacent microscopic image fragments. After an Autochrome plate was reversal processed to produce a positive transparency, the starch grains served to illuminate each fragment with the correct color and the tiny colored points blended together in the eye, synthesizing the color of the subject by the additive method. Autochrome plates were one of several varieties of additive color screen plates and films marketed between the 1890s and the 1950s.

Kodachrome, the first modern "integral tripack" (or "monopack") color film, was introduced by Kodak in 1935. It captured the three color components in a multi-layer emulsion. One layer was sensitized to record the red-dominated part of the spectrum, another layer recorded only the green part and a third recorded only the blue. Without special film processing, the result would simply be three superimposed black-and-white images, but complementary cyan, magenta, and yellow dye images were created in those layers by adding color couplers during a complex processing procedure.

Agfa's similarly structured Agfacolor Neu was introduced in 1936. Unlike Kodachrome, the color couplers in Agfacolor Neu were incorporated into the emulsion layers during manufacture, which greatly simplified the processing. Currently available color films still employ a multi-layer emulsion and the same principles, most closely resembling Agfa's product.

Instant color film, used in a special camera which yielded a unique finished color print only a minute or two after the exposure, was introduced by Polaroid in 1963.

Color photography may form images as positive transparencies, which can be used in a slide projector, or as color negatives intended for use in creating positive color enlargements on specially coated paper. The latter is now the most common form of film (non-digital) color photography owing to the introduction of automated photo printing equipment. After a transition period centered around 1995 2005, color film was relegated to a niche market by inexpensive multi-megapixel digital cameras. Film continues to be the preference of some photographers because of its distinctive "look".

Digital photography[edit]
Main article: Digital photography
See also: Digital camera
In 1981, Sony unveiled the first consumer camera to use a charge-coupled device for imaging, eliminating the need for film: the Sony Mavica. While the Mavica saved images to disk, the images were displayed on television, and the camera was not fully digital. In 1991, Kodak unveiled the DCS 100, the first commercially available digital single lens reflex camera. Although its high cost precluded uses other than photojournalism and professional photography, commercial digital photography was born.

Digital imaging uses an electronic image sensor to record the image as a set of electronic data rather than as chemical changes on film.[29] An important difference between digital and chemical photography is that chemical photography resists photo manipulation because it involves film and photographic paper, while digital imaging is a highly manipulative medium. This difference allows for a degree of image post-processing that is comparatively difficult in film-based photography and permits different communicative potentials and applications.

Digital photography dominates the 21st century. More than 99% of photographs taken around the world are through digital cameras, increasingly through smartphones.

Synthesis photography[edit]
Synthesis photography is part of computer-generated imagery (CGI) where the shooting process is modeled on real photography. The CGI, creating digital copies of real universe, requires a visual representation process of these universes. Synthesis photography is the application of analog and digital photography in digital space. With the characteristics of the real photography but not being constrained by the physical limits of real world, synthesis photography allows to get away from real photography.[30]

Evolution of the camera[edit]

Late 19th century studio camera, standing on tripod, used glass photographic plates
 

Point-and-shoot box camera, the first type of mass-produced film camera, c. 1910s
 

Compact Kodak folding camera from 1922
 

Leica-II, one of the first 135 film cameras, 1932
 

Contax S of 1949   the first pentaprism SLR
 

Polaroid Colorpack 80 instant camera, c 1975
 

Digital camera, Canon Ixus class, c. 2000.
 

Nikon D1, the first digital SLR used in journalism and sports photography, c. 2000
 

Smartphone with built-in camera spreads private images globally, c. 2013
Technical aspects[edit]
Main article: Camera
The camera is the image-forming device, and a photographic plate, photographic film or a silicon electronic image sensor is the capture medium. The respective recording medium can be the plate or film itself, or a digital magnetic or electronic memory.[31]

Photographers control the camera and lens to "expose" the light-recording material to the required amount of light to form a "latent image" (on plate or film) or RAW file (in digital cameras) which, after appropriate processing, is converted to a usable image. Digital cameras use an electronic image sensor based on light-sensitive electronics such as charge-coupled device (CCD) or complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor (CMOS) technology. The resulting digital image is stored electronically, but can be reproduced on a paper.

The camera (or 'camera obscura') is a dark room or chamber from which, as far as possible, all light is excluded except the light that forms the image. The subject being photographed, however, must be illuminated. Cameras can range from small to very large, a whole room that is kept dark while the object to be photographed is in another room where it is properly illuminated. This was common for reproduction photography of flat copy when large film negatives were used (see Process camera).

As soon as photographic materials became "fast" (sensitive) enough for taking candid or surreptitious pictures, small "detective" cameras were made, some actually disguised as a book or handbag or pocket watch (the Ticka camera) or even worn hidden behind an Ascot necktie with a tie pin that was really the lens.

The movie camera is a type of photographic camera which takes a rapid sequence of photographs on recording medium. In contrast to a still camera, which captures a single snapshot at a time, the movie camera takes a series of images, each called a "frame". This is accomplished through an intermittent mechanism. The frames are later played back in a movie projector at a specific speed, called the "frame rate" (number of frames per second). While viewing, a person's eyes and brain merge the separate pictures together to create the illusion of motion.[32]

Camera controls[edit]
In all but certain specialized cameras, the process of obtaining a usable exposure must involve the use, manually or automatically, of a few controls to ensure the photograph is clear, sharp and well illuminated. The controls usually include but are not limited to the following:

Control Description
Focus The position of a viewed object or the adjustment of an optical device necessary to produce a clear image: in focus; out of focus.[33]
Aperture  Adjustment of the lens opening, measured as f-number, which controls the amount of light passing through the lens. Aperture also has an effect on depth of field and diffraction   the higher the f-number, the smaller the opening, the less light, the greater the depth of field, and the more the diffraction blur. The focal length divided by the f-number gives the effective aperture diameter.
Shutter speed Adjustment of the speed (often expressed either as fractions of seconds or as an angle, with mechanical shutters) of the shutter to control the amount of time during which the imaging medium is exposed to light for each exposure. Shutter speed may be used to control the amount of light striking the image plane; 'faster' shutter speeds (that is, those of shorter duration) decrease both the amount of light and the amount of image blurring from motion of the subject and/or camera. The slower shutter speeds allow for long exposure shots that are done used to photograph images in very low light, including the images of the night sky.
White balance On digital cameras, electronic compensation for the color temperature associated with a given set of lighting conditions, ensuring that white light is registered as such on the imaging chip and therefore that the colors in the frame will appear natural. On mechanical, film-based cameras, this function is served by the operator's choice of film stock or with color correction filters. In addition to using white balance to register natural coloration of the image, photographers may employ white balance to aesthetic end, for example white balancing to a blue object in order to obtain a warm color temperature.
Metering  Measurement of exposure so that highlights and shadows are exposed according to the photographer's wishes. Many modern cameras meter and set exposure automatically. Before automatic exposure, correct exposure was accomplished with the use of a separate light metering device or by the photographer's knowledge and experience of gauging correct settings. To translate the amount of light into a usable aperture and shutter speed, the meter needs to adjust for the sensitivity of the film or sensor to light. This is done by setting the "film speed" or ISO sensitivity into the meter.
Film speed  Traditionally used to "tell the camera" the film speed of the selected film on film cameras, film speed numbers are employed on modern digital cameras as an indication of the system's gain from light to numerical output and to control the automatic exposure system. Film speed is usually measured via the ISO system. The higher the film speed number the greater the film sensitivity to light, whereas with a lower number, the film is less sensitive to light. A correct combination of film speed, aperture, and shutter speed leads to an image that is neither too dark nor too light, hence it is 'correctly exposed', indicated by a centered meter.
Autofocus point On some cameras, the selection of a point in the imaging frame upon which the auto-focus system will attempt to focus. Many Single-lens reflex cameras (SLR) feature multiple auto-focus points in the viewfinder.
Many other elements of the imaging device itself may have a pronounced effect on the quality and/or aesthetic effect of a given photograph; among them are:

Focal length and type of lens (normal, long focus, wide angle, telephoto, macro, fisheye, or zoom)
Filters placed between the subject and the light recording material, either in front of or behind the lens
Inherent sensitivity of the medium to light intensity and color/wavelengths.
The nature of the light recording material, for example its resolution as measured in pixels or grains of silver halide.
Exposure and rendering[edit]

Manual shutter control and exposure settings can achieve unusual effects.

Star trails produced by long exposure photography in Chile.[34]
Camera controls are interrelated. The total amount of light reaching the film plane (the 'exposure') changes with the duration of exposure, aperture of the lens, and on the effective focal length of the lens (which in variable focal length lenses, can force a change in aperture as the lens is zoomed). Changing any of these controls can alter the exposure. Many cameras may be set to adjust most or all of these controls automatically. This automatic functionality is useful for occasional photographers in many situations.

The duration of an exposure is referred to as shutter speed, often even in cameras that do not have a physical shutter, and is typically measured in fractions of a second. It is quite possible to have exposures from one up to several seconds, usually for still-life subjects, and for night scenes exposure times can be several hours. However, for a subject that is in motion use a fast shutter speed. This will prevent the photograph from coming out blurry.[35]

The effective aperture is expressed by an f-number or f-stop (derived from focal ratio), which is proportional to the ratio of the focal length to the diameter of the aperture. Longer focal length lenses will pass less light through the same aperture diameter due to the greater distance the light has to travel; shorter focal length lenses will transmit more light through the same diameter of aperture.

The smaller the f/number, the larger the effective aperture. The present system of f/numbers to give the effective aperture of a lens was standardized by an international convention in 1963, and is referred to as the British Standard (BS-1013).[36] Other aperture measurement scales had been used through the early 20th century, including the European Scale, Intermediate settings, and the 1881 Uniform System proposed by the Royal Photographic Society, which are all now largely obsolete.[37]:30 T-stops have been used for color motion picture lenses, to account for differences in light transmission through compound lenses, are calculated as T-number = f/number x  transmittance. [37]:615

If the f-number is decreased by a factor of  2, the aperture diameter is increased by the same factor, and its area is increased by a factor of 2. The f-stops that might be found on a typical lens include 2.8, 4, 5.6, 8, 11, 16, 22, 32, where going up "one stop" (using lower f-stop numbers) doubles the amount of light reaching the film, and stopping down one stop halves the amount of light.

Image capture can be achieved through various combinations of shutter speed, aperture, and film or sensor speed. Different (but related) settings of aperture and shutter speed enable photographs to be taken under various conditions of film or sensor speed, lighting and motion of subjects and/or camera, and desired depth of field. A slower speed film will exhibit less "grain", and a slower speed setting on an electronic sensor will exhibit less "noise", while higher film and sensor speeds allow for a faster shutter speed, which reduces motion blur or allows the use of a smaller aperture to increase the depth of field.

For example, a wider aperture is used for lower light and a lower aperture for more light. If a subject is in motion, then a high shutter speed may be needed. A tripod can also be helpful in that it enables a slower shutter speed to be used.

For example, f/8 at 8 ms (1/125 of a second) and f/5.6 at 4 ms (1/250 of a second) yield the same amount of light. The chosen combination affects the final result. The aperture and focal length of the lens determine the depth of field, which refers to the range of distances from the lens that will be in focus. A longer lens or a wider aperture will result in "shallow" depth of field (i.e., only a small plane of the image will be in sharp focus). This is often useful for isolating subjects from backgrounds as in individual portraits or macro photography.

Conversely, a shorter lens, or a smaller aperture, will result in more of the image being in focus. This is generally more desirable when photographing landscapes or groups of people. With very small apertures, such as pinholes, a wide range of distance can be brought into focus, but sharpness is severely degraded by diffraction with such small apertures. Generally, the highest degree of "sharpness" is achieved at an aperture near the middle of a lens's range (for example, f/8 for a lens with available apertures of f/2.8 to f/16). However, as lens technology improves, lenses are becoming capable of making increasingly sharp images at wider apertures.

Image capture is only part of the image forming process. Regardless of material, some process must be employed to render the latent image captured by the camera into a viewable image. With slide film, the developed film is just mounted for projection. Print film requires the developed film negative to be printed onto photographic paper or transparency. Prior to the advent of laser jet and inkjet printers, celluloid photographic negative images had to be mounted in an enlarger which projected the image onto a sheet of light-sensitive paper for a certain length of time (usually measured in seconds or fractions of a second). This sheet then was soaked in a chemical bath of developer (to bring out the image) followed immediately by a stop bath (to neutralize the progression of development and prevent the image from changing further once exposed to normal light). After this, the paper was hung until dry enough to safely handle. This post-production process allowed the photographer to further manipulate the final image beyond what had already been captured on the negative, adjusting the length of time the image was projected by the enlarger and the duration of both chemical baths to change the image's intensity, darkness, clarity, etc. This process is still employed by both amateur and professional photographers, but the advent of digital imagery means that the vast majority of modern photographic work is captured digitally and rendered via printing processes that are no longer dependent on chemical reactions to light. Such digital images may be uploaded to an image server (e.g., a photo-sharing web site), viewed on a television, or transferred to a computer or digital photo frame. Every type can then be produced as a hard copy on regular paper or photographic paper via a printer.


A photographer using a tripod for greater stability during long exposure.
Prior to the rendering of a viewable image, modifications can be made using several controls. Many of these controls are similar to controls during image capture, while some are exclusive to the rendering process. Most printing controls have equivalent digital concepts, but some create different effects. For example, dodging and burning controls are different between digital and film processes. Other printing modifications include:

Chemicals and process used during film development.
Duration of print exposure   equivalent to shutter speed
Printing aperture   equivalent to aperture, but has no effect on depth of field
Contrast   changing the visual properties of objects in an image to make them distinguishable from other objects and the background
Dodging   reduces exposure of certain print areas, resulting in lighter areas
Burning in   increases exposure of certain areas, resulting in darker areas
Paper texture   glossy, matte, etc.
Paper type   resin-coated (RC) or fiber-based (FB)
Paper size
Exposure Shape   resulting prints in shapes such as circular, oval, loupe, etc.
Toners   used to add warm or cold tones to black-and-white prints
Other photographic techniques[edit]
Stereoscopic[edit]
Main article: Stereoscopy
Photographs, both monochrome and color, can be captured and displayed through two side-by-side images that emulate human stereoscopic vision. Stereoscopic photography was the first that captured figures in motion.[38] While known colloquially as "3-D" photography, the more accurate term is stereoscopy. Such cameras have long been realized by using film, and more recently in digital electronic methods (including cellphone cameras).

Full-spectrum, ultraviolet and infrared[edit]
Main article: Full spectrum photography

This image of the rings of Saturn is an example of the application of ultraviolet photography in astronomy
Ultraviolet and infrared films have been available for many decades and employed in a variety of photographic avenues since the 1960s. New technological trends in digital photography have opened a new direction in full spectrum photography, where careful filtering choices across the ultraviolet, visible and infrared lead to new artistic visions.

Modified digital cameras can detect some ultraviolet, all of the visible and much of the near infrared spectrum, as most digital imaging sensors are sensitive from about 350 nm to 1000 nm. An off-the-shelf digital camera contains an infrared hot mirror filter that blocks most of the infrared and a bit of the ultraviolet that would otherwise be detected by the sensor, narrowing the accepted range from about 400 nm to 700 nm.[39]

Replacing a hot mirror or infrared blocking filter with an infrared pass or a wide spectrally transmitting filter allows the camera to detect the wider spectrum light at greater sensitivity. Without the hot-mirror, the red, green and blue (or cyan, yellow and magenta) colored micro-filters placed over the sensor elements pass varying amounts of ultraviolet (blue window) and infrared (primarily red and somewhat lesser the green and blue micro-filters).

Uses of full spectrum photography are for fine art photography, geology, forensics and law enforcement.

Light field photography[edit]
See also: Light-field camera
Digital methods of image capture and display processing have enabled the new technology of "light field photography" (also known as synthetic aperture photography). This process allows focusing at various depths of field to be selected after the photograph has been captured.[40] As explained by Michael Faraday in 1846, the "light field" is understood as 5-dimensional, with each point in 3-D space having attributes of two more angles that define the direction of each ray passing through that point.

These additional vector attributes can be captured optically through the use of microlenses at each pixel-point within the 2-dimensional image sensor. Every pixel of the final image is actually a selection from each sub-array located under each microlens, as identified by a post-image capture focus algorithm.


Devices other than cameras can be used to record images. Trichome of Arabidopsis thaliana seen via scanning electron microscope. Note that image has been edited by adding colors to clarify structure or to add an aesthetic effect. Heiti Paves from Tallinn University of Technology.
Other imaging techniques[edit]
Besides the camera, other methods of forming images with light are available. For instance, a photocopy or xerography machine forms permanent images but uses the transfer of static electrical charges rather than photographic medium, hence the term electrophotography. Photograms are images produced by the shadows of objects cast on the photographic paper, without the use of a camera. Objects can also be placed directly on the glass of an image scanner to produce digital pictures.

Modes of production[edit]
Amateur[edit]
An amateur photographer is one who practices photography as a hobby / passion and not for profit. The quality of some amateur work is comparable to that of many professionals and may be highly specialized or eclectic in choice of subjects. Amateur photography is often pre-eminent in photographic subjects which have little prospect of commercial use or reward. Amateur photography grew during the late 19th century due to the popularization of the hand-held camera.[41]

Commercial[edit]
Commercial photography is probably best defined as any photography for which the photographer is paid for images rather than works of art. In this light, money could be paid for the subject of the photograph or the photograph itself. Wholesale, retail, and professional uses of photography would fall under this definition. The commercial photographic world could include:

Advertising photography: photographs made to illustrate and usually sell a service or product. These images, such as packshots, are generally done with an advertising agency, design firm or with an in-house corporate design team.
Fashion and glamour photography usually incorporates models and is a form of advertising photography. Fashion photography, like the work featured in Harper's Bazaar, emphasizes clothes and other products; glamour emphasizes the model and body form. Glamour photography is popular in advertising and men's magazines. Models in glamour photography sometimes work nude.
Crime scene photography consists of photographing scenes of crime such as robberies and murders. A black and white camera or an infrared camera may be used to capture specific details.
Still life photography usually depicts inanimate subject matter, typically commonplace objects which may be either natural or man-made. Still life is a broader category for food and some natural photography and can be used for advertising purposes.
Food photography can be used for editorial, packaging or advertising use. Food photography is similar to still life photography, but requires some special skills.
Editorial photography illustrates a story or idea within the context of a magazine. These are usually assigned by the magazine and encompass fashion and glamour photography features.
Photojournalism can be considered a subset of editorial photography. Photographs made in this context are accepted as a documentation of a news story.
Portrait and wedding photography: photographs made and sold directly to the end user of the images.
Landscape photography depicts locations.
Wildlife photography demonstrates the life of animals.
Paparazzi is a form of photojournalism in which the photographer captures candid images of athletes, celebrities, politicians, and other prominent people.
Pet photography involves several aspects that are similar to traditional studio portraits. It can also be done in natural lighting, outside of a studio, such as in a client's home.

Landscape 360-degree panoramic picture of the Chajnantor plateau in the Atacama Desert, Chile. In the center is Cerro Chajnantor itself. To the right, on the plateau, is the Atacama Pathfinder Experiment (APEX) telescope with Cerro Chascon behind it.[42]
The market for photographic services demonstrates the aphorism "A picture is worth a thousand words", which has an interesting basis in the history of photography. Magazines and newspapers, companies putting up Web sites, advertising agencies and other groups pay for photography.

Many people take photographs for commercial purposes. Organizations with a budget and a need for photography have several options: they can employ a photographer directly, organize a public competition, or obtain rights to stock photographs. Photo stock can be procured through traditional stock giants, such as Getty Images or Corbis; smaller microstock agencies, such as Fotolia; or web marketplaces, such as Cutcaster.

Art[edit]

Classic Alfred Stieglitz photograph, The Steerage shows unique aesthetic of black-and-white photos.
During the 20th century, both fine art photography and documentary photography became accepted by the English-speaking art world and the gallery system. In the United States, a handful of photographers, including Alfred Stieglitz, Edward Steichen, John Szarkowski, F. Holland Day, and Edward Weston, spent their lives advocating for photography as a fine art. At first, fine art photographers tried to imitate painting styles. This movement is called Pictorialism, often using soft focus for a dreamy, 'romantic' look. In reaction to that, Weston, Ansel Adams, and others formed the Group f/64 to advocate 'straight photography', the photograph as a (sharply focused) thing in itself and not an imitation of something else.

The aesthetics of photography is a matter that continues to be discussed regularly, especially in artistic circles. Many artists argued that photography was the mechanical reproduction of an image. If photography is authentically art, then photography in the context of art would need redefinition, such as determining what component of a photograph makes it beautiful to the viewer. The controversy began with the earliest images "written with light"; Nic phore Ni pce, Louis Daguerre, and others among the very earliest photographers were met with acclaim, but some questioned if their work met the definitions and purposes of art.

Clive Bell in his classic essay Art states that only "significant form" can distinguish art from what is not art.

There must be some one quality without which a work of art cannot exist; possessing which, in the least degree, no work is altogether worthless. What is this quality  What quality is shared by all objects that provoke our aesthetic emotions  What quality is common to Sta. Sophia and the windows at Chartres, Mexican sculpture, a Persian bowl, Chinese carpets, Giotto's frescoes at Padua, and the masterpieces of Poussin, Piero della Francesca, and Cezanne  Only one answer seems possible   significant form. In each, lines and colors combined in a particular way, certain forms and relations of forms, stir our aesthetic emotions.[43]

On 14 February 2004, Sotheby's London sold the 2001 photograph 99 Cent II Diptychon for an unprecedented  3,346,456 to an anonymous bidder, making it the most expensive at the time.

Conceptual photography turns a concept or idea into a photograph. Even though what is depicted in the photographs are real objects, the subject is strictly abstract.

Science and forensics[edit]

Wootton bridge collapse in 1861
The camera has a long and distinguished history as a means of recording phenomena from the first use by Daguerre and Fox-Talbot, such as astronomical events (eclipses for example), small creatures and plants when the camera was attached to the eyepiece of microscopes (in photomicroscopy) and for macro photography of larger specimens. The camera also proved useful in recording crime scenes and the scenes of accidents, such as the Wootton bridge collapse in 1861. The methods used in analysing photographs for use in legal cases are collectively known as forensic photography. Crime scene photos are taken from three vantage point. The vantage points are overview, mid-range, and close up.[44]

By 1853, Charles Brooke had invented a technology for the automatic registration of instruments by photography. These instruments included barometers, thermometers, psychrometers, and magnetometers, which recorded their readings by means of an automated photographic process.[45] Science uses image technology that has derived from the design of the Pin Hole camera. X-Ray machine are similar in design to Pin Hole cameras with high grade filters and laser radiation.[46] Photography has become ubiquitous in recording events and data in science and engineering, and at crime scenes or accident scenes. The method has been much extended by using other wavelengths, such as infrared photography and ultraviolet photography, as well as spectroscopy. Those methods were first used in the Victorian era and improved much further since that time.[47]

Social and cultural implications[edit]

Photography may be used both to capture reality and to produce a work of art. While photo manipulation is often frowned upon in first, then it might be used to great extent in other to produce artistic effects. Nude composition 19 from 1988 by Jaan K nnap.

The Mus e de l' lys e, founded in 1985 in Lausanne, was the first photography museum in Europe.
There are many ongoing questions about different aspects of photography. In her writing "On Photography" (1977), Susan Sontag discusses concerns about the objectivity of photography. This is a highly debated subject within the photographic community.[48] Sontag argues, "To photograph is to appropriate the thing photographed. It means putting one's self into a certain relation to the world that feels like knowledge, and therefore like power."[49] Photographers decide what to take a photo of, what elements to exclude and what angle to frame the photo, and these factors may reflect a particular socio-historical context. Along these lines it can be argued that photography is a subjective form of representation.

Modern photography has raised a number of concerns on its effect on society. In Alfred Hitchcock's Rear Window (1954), the camera is presented as promoting voyeurism. 'Although the camera is an observation station, the act of photographing is more than passive observing'.[49]

The camera doesn't rape or even possess, though it may presume, intrude, trespass, distort, exploit, and, at the farthest reach of metaphor, assassinate   all activities that, unlike the sexual push and shove, can be conducted from a distance, and with some detachment.[49]

Digital imaging has raised ethical concerns because of the ease of manipulating digital photographs in post-processing. Many photojournalists have declared they will not crop their pictures, or are forbidden from combining elements of multiple photos to make "photomontages", passing them as "real" photographs. Today's technology has made image editing relatively simple for even the novice photographer. However, recent changes of in-camera processing allows digital fingerprinting of photos to detect tampering for purposes of forensic photography.

Photography is one of the new media forms that changes perception and changes the structure of society.[50] Further unease has been caused around cameras in regards to desensitization. Fears that disturbing or explicit images are widely accessible to children and society at large have been raised. Particularly, photos of war and pornography are causing a stir. Sontag is concerned that "to photograph is to turn people into objects that can be symbolically possessed." Desensitization discussion goes hand in hand with debates about censored images. Sontag writes of her concern that the ability to censor pictures means the photographer has the ability to construct reality.[49]

One of the practices through which photography constitutes society is tourism. Tourism and photography combine to create a "tourist gaze"[51] in which local inhabitants are positioned and defined by the camera lens. However, it has also been argued that there exists a "reverse gaze"[52] through which indigenous photographees can position the tourist photographer as a shallow consumer of images.

Additionally, photography has been the topic of many songs in popular culture.

Law[edit]
Main article: Photography and the law
Photography is both restricted as well as protected by the law in many jurisdictions. Protection of photographs is typically achieved through the granting of copyright or moral rights to the photographer. In the United States, photography is protected as a first amendment right and anyone is free to photograph anything seen in public spaces as long as it is in plain view.[53] In the UK a recent law (Counter-Terrorism Act 2008) increases the power of the police to prevent people, even press photographers, from taking pictures in public places.[54]

See also[edit]
Outline of photography
Science of photography
List of photographers
Image Editing
References[edit]
Jump up ^
Cinematography
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
"Cinematographic" redirects here. For the 2007 rock album, see Cinematographic (album).

Arri Alexa, a digital movie camera.
Cinematography (from Greek:       , kinema "movements" and        , graphein "to record") is the science or art of motion-picture photography by recording light or other electromagnetic radiation, either electronically by means of an image sensor, or chemically by means of a light-sensitive material such as film stock.[1]

Typically, a lens is used to repeatedly focus the light reflected or emitted from objects into real images on the light-sensitive surface inside a camera during a questioned exposure, creating multiple images. With an electronic image sensor, this produces an electrical charge at each pixel, which is electronically processed and stored in a video file for subsequent display or processing. The result with photographic emulsion is a series of invisible latent images on the film stock, which are later chemically "developed" into a visible image. The images on the film stock are played back at a rapid speed and projected onto a screen, creating the illusion of a movie.

Cinematography finds uses in many fields of science and business as well as for entertainment purposes and mass communication.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Etymology
2 History
2.1 Precursors
2.2 Film cinematography
2.3 Black and white
2.4 Color
2.5 Digital cinematography
3 Aspects
3.1 Cinema technique
3.2 Image sensor and film stock
3.3 Filters
3.4 Lens
3.5 Depth of field and focus
3.6 Aspect ratio and framing
3.7 Lighting
3.8 Camera movement
4 Special effects
4.1 Double exposure
4.2 Frame rate selection
4.3 Other special techniques
5 Personnel
6 See also
7 References
8 External links
Etymology[edit]
The word "cinematography" was created from the Greek roots        (kinema) i.e. "motion" and       (graph ) "representation by means of lines" or "drawing", together meaning drawing motion.

History[edit]
Main article: History of cinema
See also: History of the camera
Precursors[edit]

Muybridge sequence of a horse galloping
In the 1830s, moving images were produced on revolving drums and disks, with independent invention by Simon von Stampfer (stroboscope) in Austria, Joseph Plateau (phenakistoscope) in Belgium, and William Horner (zoetrope) in Britain.

William Lincoln patented a device that showed animated pictures called the  wheel of life  or  zoopraxiscope . In it, moving drawings or photographs were watched through a slit.

On June 19, 1873, Eadweard Muybridge successfully photographed a horse named "Sallie Gardner" in fast motion using a series of 24 stereoscopic cameras. The cameras were arranged along a track parallel to the horse's, and each camera shutter was controlled by a trip wire triggered by the horse's hooves. They were 21 inches apart to cover the 20 feet taken by the horse stride, taking pictures at one thousandth of a second.[2] Although it was never played back at speed to create motion, this was the first step towards motion pictures.

Nine years later, in 1882, French scientist  tienne-Jules Marey invented a chronophotographic gun, which was capable of taking 12 consecutive frames a second, recording all the frames of the same picture.

The late nineteenth to the early twentieth century brought rise to the use of film not only for entertainment purposes, but for scientific exploration as well. French biologist and filmmaker Jean Painleve lobbied heavily for the use of film in the scientific field, as the new medium was more efficient in capturing and documenting the behavior, movement, and environment of microorganisms, cells, and bacteria, than the naked eye.[3] The introduction of film into scientific fields allowed for not only the viewing "new images and objects, such as cells and natural objects, but also the viewing of them in real time",[3] whereas prior to the invention of moving pictures, scientists and doctors alike had to rely on hand drawn sketches of human anatomy and its microorganisms.

Film cinematography[edit]
Main article: Film stock
File:Roundhay Garden Scene.ogg
Roundhay Garden Scene (1888), the world's earliest surviving motion-picture film.
The experimental film Roundhay Garden Scene, filmed by Louis Le Prince on October 14, 1888 in Roundhay, Leeds, England, is the earliest surviving motion picture. This movie was shot on paper film.

W K. L. Dickson, working under the direction of Thomas Alva Edison, was the first to design a successful apparatus, the Kinetograph, patented in 1891. This camera took a series of instantaneous photographs on standard Eastman Kodak photographic emulsion coated onto a transparent celluloid strip 35 mm wide. The results of this work were first shown in public in 1893, using the viewing apparatus also designed by Dickson, the Kinetoscope. Contained within a large box, only one person at a time looking into it through a peephole could view the movie.

In the following year, Charles Francis Jenkins and his projector, the Phantoscope, made a successful audience viewing while Louis and Auguste Lumi re perfected the Cin matographe, an apparatus that took, printed, and projected film, in Paris in December 1895. The Lumi re brothers were the first to present projected, moving, photographic, pictures to a paying audience of more than one person.

In 1896, movie theaters were open in: France (Paris, Lyon, Bordeaux, Nice, Marseille); Italy (Rome, Milan, Naples, Genoa, Venice, Bologna, Forl ); Belgium (Brussels); and Great Britain (London).

In 1896, Edison showed his improved Vitascope projector, the first commercially successful projector in the U.S.

Cooper Hewitt invented mercury lamps which made it practical to shoot films indoors without sunlight in 1905.

The first animated cartoon was produced in 1906.

Credits began to appear at the beginning of motion pictures in 1911.

The Bell and Howell 2709 movie camera invented in 1915 allowed directors to make close-ups without physically moving the camera.

By the late 1920s most of the movies produced were sound films.

Wide screen formats were first experimented with in the 1950s.

By the 1970s, most movies were color films. IMAX and other 70mm formats gained popularity. Wide distribution of films became commonplace, setting the ground for "blockbusters."

Film cinematography dominated the motion picture industry from its inception until the 2010s, when digital cinematography became dominant. Film cinematography is still used by some directors, especially in specific applications or out of fondness of the format.

Black and white[edit]
From its birth in the 1880s, movies were predominantly monochrome. Contrary to popular belief, monochrome doesn't always mean black and white; it means a movie shot in two-tone color. Since the cost of color films was substantially higher, most movies were produced in monochrome until the 1970s. Almost all short silent films from the 1880s to the 1910s, almost all feature-length silent films from the 1910s to the 1920s, and most feature-length sound films from the 1920s to the 1970s, were produced in monochrome.

In the 1970s, cinema mostly switched over to color films as they became more economical and viable. Monochrome cinematography is still used by cinematographers for artistic reasons or for specific applications.

Color[edit]
Main article: Color motion picture film
File:Serpentine Dance (1895) - yt.webm
Annabelle Serpentine Dance, hand-tinted version (1895).
After the advent of motion pictures, a tremendous amount of energy was invested in the production of photography in natural color.[4] The invention of the talking picture further increased the demand for the use of color photography. However, in comparison to other technological advances of the time, the arrival of color photography was a relatively slow process.[5]

Early movies were not actually color movies, since they were shot monochrome and hand-colored or machine-colored afterwards. (Such movies are referred to as colored and not color.) The earliest such example is the hand-tinted Annabelle Serpentine Dance in 1895 by Edison Manufacturing Company. Machine-based tinting later became popular. Tinting continued until the advent of natural color cinematography in the 1910s. Many black and white movies have been colorized recently using digital tinting.

In 1902, Edward Raymond Turner produced the first films with a natural color process rather than using colorization techniques.[6] In 1908, kinemacolor was introduced. In the same year, the short film A Visit to the Seaside became the first natural color movie to be publicly presented.

In 1917, the earliest version of Technicolor was introduced. Kodachrome was introduced in 1935. Eastmancolor was introduced in 1950 and became the color standard for the rest of the century.

In the 2010s, color films were largely superseded by color digital cinematography.

Digital cinematography[edit]
Main article: Digital cinematography
See also: Digital movie camera and Digital cinema
In digital cinematography, the movie is shot on digital medium such as flash storage, as well as distributed through a digital medium such as a hard drive.

Beginning in the late 1980s, Sony began marketing the concept of "electronic cinematography," utilizing its analog Sony HDVS professional video cameras. The effort met with very little success. However, this led to one of the earliest digitally shot feature movies, Julia and Julia, being produced in 1987.[7] In 1998, with the introduction of HDCAM recorders and 1920   1080 pixel digital professional video cameras based on CCD technology, the idea, now re-branded as "digital cinematography," began to gain traction in the market.[citation needed]

Shot and released in 1998, The Last Broadcast is believed by some to be the first feature-length video shot and edited entirely on consumer-level digital equipment.[8] In May 1999 George Lucas challenged the supremacy of the movie-making medium of film for the first time by including footage filmed with high-definition digital cameras in Star Wars: Episode I   The Phantom Menace. In late 2013, Paramount became the first major studio to distribute movies to theaters in digital format, eliminating 35mm film entirely.

As digital technology improved, movie studios began increasingly shifting towards digital cinematography. Since the 2010s, digital cinematography has become the dominant form of cinematography after largely superseding film cinematography.

Aspects[edit]
Main article: Cinematic techniques
Numerous aspects contribute to the art of cinematography, including:

Cinema technique[edit]

Georges M li s (left) painting a backdrop in his studio
The first film cameras were fastened directly to the head of a tripod or other support, with only the crudest kind of leveling devices provided, in the manner of the still-camera tripod heads of the period. The earliest film cameras were thus effectively fixed during the shot, and hence the first camera movements were the result of mounting a camera on a moving vehicle. The first known of these was a film shot by a Lumi re cameraman from the back platform of a train leaving Jerusalem in 1896, and by 1898 there were a number of films shot from moving trains. Although listed under the general heading of "panoramas" in the sales catalogues of the time, those films shot straight forward from in front of a railway engine were usually specifically referred to as "phantom rides".

In 1897, Robert W. Paul had the first real rotating camera head made to put on a tripod, so that he could follow the passing processions of Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee in one uninterrupted shot. This device had the camera mounted on a vertical axis that could be rotated by a worm gear driven by turning a crank handle, and Paul put it on general sale the next year. Shots taken using such a "panning" head were also referred to as "panoramas" in the film catalogues of the first decade of the cinema.

The standard pattern for early film studios was provided by the studio which Georges M li s had built in 1897. This had a glass roof and three glass walls constructed after the model of large studios for still photography, and it was fitted with thin cotton cloths that could be stretched below the roof to diffuse the direct ray of the sun on sunny days. The soft overall light without real shadows that this arrangement produced, and which also exists naturally on lightly overcast days, was to become the basis for film lighting in film studios for the next decade.

Image sensor and film stock[edit]
Cinematography can begin with digital image sensor or rolls of film. Advancements in film emulsion and grain structure provided a wide range of available film stocks. The selection of a film stock is one of the first decisions made in preparing a typical film production.

Aside from the film gauge selection   8 mm (amateur), 16 mm (semi-professional), 35 mm (professional) and 65 mm (epic photography, rarely used except in special event venues)   the cinematographer has a selection of stocks in reversal (which, when developed, create a positive image) and negative formats along with a wide range of film speeds (varying sensitivity to light) from ISO 50 (slow, least sensitive to light) to 800 (very fast, extremely sensitive to light) and differing response to color (low saturation, high saturation) and contrast (varying levels between pure black (no exposure) and pure white (complete overexposure). Advancements and adjustments to nearly all gauges of film create the "super" formats wherein the area of the film used to capture a single frame of an image is expanded, although the physical gauge of the film remains the same. Super 8 mm, Super 16 mm and Super 35 mm all utilize more of the overall film area for the image than their "regular" non-super counterparts. The larger the film gauge, the higher the overall image resolution clarity and technical quality. The techniques used by the film laboratory to process the film stock can also offer a considerable variance in the image produced. By controlling the temperature and varying the duration in which the film is soaked in the development chemicals, and by skipping certain chemical processes (or partially skipping all of them), cinematographers can achieve very different looks from a single film stock in the laboratory. Some techniques that can be used are push processing, bleach bypass and cross processing.

Most of modern cinema uses digital cinematography and has no film stocks[citation needed], but the cameras themselves can be adjusted in ways that go far beyond the abilities of one particular film stock. They can provide varying degrees of color sensitivity, image contrast, light sensitivity and so on. One camera can achieve all the various looks of different emulsions. Digital image adjustments such as ISO and contrast are executed by estimating the same adjustments that would take place if actual film were in use, and are thus vulnerable to the camera's sensor designers perceptions of various film stocks and image adjustment parameters.

Filters[edit]
Filters, such as diffusion filters or color-effect filters, are also widely used to enhance mood or dramatic effects. Most photographic filters are made up of two pieces of optical glass glued together with some form of image or light manipulation material between the glass. In the case of color filters, there is often a translucent color medium pressed between two planes of optical glass. Color filters work by blocking out certain color wavelengths of light from reaching the film. With color film, this works very intuitively wherein a blue filter will cut down on the passage of red, orange and yellow light and create a blue tint on the film. In black-and-white photography, color filters are used somewhat counter intuitively; for instance a yellow filter, which cuts down on blue wavelengths of light, can be used to darken a daylight sky (by eliminating blue light from hitting the film, thus greatly underexposing the mostly blue sky), while not biasing most human flesh tone. Certain cinematographers, such as Christopher Doyle, are well known for their innovative use of filters. Filters can be used in front of the lens or, in some cases, behind the lens for different effects.

Lens[edit]
Lenses can be attached to the camera to give a certain look, feel, or effect by focus, color, etc.

As does the human eye, the camera creates perspective and spatial relations with the rest of the world. However, unlike one's eye, a cinematographer can select different lenses for different purposes. Variation in focal length is one of the chief benefits. The focal length of the lens determines the angle of view and, therefore, the field of view. Cinematographers can choose from a range of wide-angle lenses, "normal" lenses and long focus lenses, as well as macro lenses and other special effect lens systems such as borescope lenses. Wide-angle lenses have short focal lengths and make spatial distances more obvious. A person in the distance is shown as much smaller while someone in the front will loom large. On the other hand, long focus lenses reduce such exaggerations, depicting far-off objects as seemingly close together and flattening perspective. The differences between the perspective rendering is actually not due to the focal length by itself, but by the distance between the subjects and the camera. Therefore, the use of different focal lengths in combination with different camera to subject distances creates these different rendering. Changing the focal length only while keeping the same camera position doesn't affect perspective but the camera angle of view only.

A zoom lens allows a camera operator to change their focal length within a shot or quickly between setups for shots. As prime lenses offer greater optical quality and are "faster" (larger aperture openings, usable in less light) than zoom lenses, they are often employed in professional cinematography over zoom lenses. Certain scenes or even types of filmmaking, however, may require the use of zooms for speed or ease of use, as well as shots involving a zoom move.

As in other photography, the control of the exposed image is done in the lens with the control of the diaphragm aperture. For proper selection, the cinematographer needs that all lenses be engraved with T-Stop, not f-stop, so that the eventual light loss due to the glass doesn't affect the exposure control when setting it using the usual meters. The choice of the aperture also affects image quality (aberrations) and depth of field.

Depth of field and focus[edit]
A stern looking man and a woman sit on the right side of a table with documents on the table. A top hat is on the table. An unkempt man stands to the left of the picture. In the background a boy can be seen through a window playing in the snow.
A deep focus shot from Citizen Kane (1941): everything, including the hat in the foreground and the boy (young Charles Foster Kane) in the distance, is in sharp focus.
Focal length and diaphragm aperture affect the depth of field of a scene   that is, how much the background, mid-ground and foreground will be rendered in "acceptable focus" (only one exact plane of the image is in precise focus) on the film or video target. Depth of field (not to be confused with depth of focus) is determined by the aperture size and the focal distance. A large or deep depth of field is generated with a very small iris aperture and focusing on a point in the distance, whereas a shallow depth of field will be achieved with a large (open) iris aperture and focusing closer to the lens. Depth of field is also governed by the format size. If one considers the field of view and angle of view, the smaller the image is, the shorter the focal length should be, as to keep the same field of view. Then, the smaller the image is, the more depth of field is obtained, for the same field of view. Therefore, 70mm has less depth of field than 35mm for a given field of view, 16mm more than 35mm, and video cameras even more depth of field than 16mm. As videographers try to emulate the look of 35 mm film with digital cameras, this is one issue of frustration - excessive depth of field with digital cameras and using additional optical devices to reduce that depth of field.

In Citizen Kane (1941), cinematographer Gregg Toland and director Orson Welles used tighter apertures to create every detail of the foreground and background of the sets in sharp focus. This practice is known as deep focus. Deep focus became a popular cinematographic device from the 1940s onwards in Hollywood. Today, the trend is for more shallow focus.

To change the plane of focus from one object or character to another within a shot is commonly known as a rack focus.

Aspect ratio and framing[edit]
The aspect ratio of an image is the ratio of its width to its height. This can be expressed either as a ratio of 2 integers, such as 4:3, or in a decimal format, such as 1.33:1 or simply 1.33.

Different ratios provide different aesthetic effects. Standards for aspect ratio have varied significantly over time.

During the silent era, aspect ratios varied widely, from square 1:1, all the way up to the extreme widescreen 4:1 Polyvision. However, from the 1910s, silent motion pictures generally settled on the ratio of 4:3 (1.33). The introduction of sound-on-film briefly narrowed the aspect ratio, to allow room for a sound stripe. In 1932 a new standard was introduced, the Academy ratio of 1.37, by means of thickening the frame line.

For years, mainstream cinematographers were limited to using the Academy ratio, but in the 1950s, thanks to the popularity of Cinerama, widescreen ratios were introduced in an effort to pull audiences back into the theater and away from their home television sets. These new widescreen formats provided cinematographers a wider frame within which to compose their images.

Many different proprietary photographic systems were invented and utilized in the 1950s to create widescreen movies, but one dominated film: the anamorphic process, which optically squeezes the image to photograph twice the horizontal area to the same size vertical as standard "spherical" lenses. The first commonly used anamorphic format was CinemaScope, which used a 2.35 aspect ratio, although it was originally 2.55. CinemaScope was used from 1953 to 1967, but due to technical flaws in the design and its ownership by Fox, several third-party companies, led by Panavision's technical improvements in the 1950s, dominated the anamorphic cine lens market.Changes to SMPTE projection standards altered the projected ratio from 2.35 to 2.39 in 1970, although this did not change anything regarding the photographic anamorphic standards; all changes in respect to the aspect ratio of anamorphic 35 mm photography are specific to camera or projector gate sizes, not the optical system. After the "widescreen wars" of the 1950s, the motion-picture industry settled into 1.85 as a standard for theatrical projection in the United States and the United Kingdom. This is a cropped version of 1.37. Europe and Asia opted for 1.66 at first, although 1.85 has largely permeated these markets in recent decades. Certain "epic" or adventure movies utilized the anamorphic 2.39.

In the 1990s, with the advent of high-definition video, television engineers created the 1.78 (16:9) ratio as a mathematical compromise between the theatrical standard of 1.85 and television's 1.33, as it was not practical to produce a traditional CRT television tube with a width of 1.85. Until that point, nothing had ever been originated in 1.78. Today, this is a standard for high-definition video and for widescreen television.

Lighting[edit]
Light is necessary to create an image exposure on a frame of film or on a digital target (CCD, etc.). The art of lighting for cinematography goes far beyond basic exposure, however, into the essence of visual storytelling. Lighting contributes considerably to the emotional response an audience has watching a motion picture.

Camera movement[edit]
File:Tower Heist marching band jeh.theora.ogv
Camera on a small motor vehicle representing a large one
Cinematography can not only depict a moving subject but can use a camera, which represents the audience's viewpoint or perspective, that moves during the course of filming. This movement plays a considerable role in the emotional language of film images and the audience's emotional reaction to the action. Techniques range from the most basic movements of panning (horizontal shift in viewpoint from a fixed position; like turning your head side-to-side) and tilting (vertical shift in viewpoint from a fixed position; like tipping your head back to look at the sky or down to look at the ground) to dollying (placing the camera on a moving platform to move it closer or farther from the subject), tracking (placing the camera on a moving platform to move it to the left or right), craning (moving the camera in a vertical position; being able to lift it off the ground as well as swing it side-to-side from a fixed base position), and combinations of the above. Early cinematographers often faced problems that were not common to other graphic artists because of the element of motion.[9]

Cameras have been mounted to nearly every imaginable form of transportation.

Most cameras can also be handheld, that is held in the hands of the camera operator who moves from one position to another while filming the action. Personal stabilizing platforms came into being in the late 1970s through the invention of Garrett Brown, which became known as the Steadicam. The Steadicam is a body harness and stabilization arm that connects to the camera, supporting the camera while isolating it from the operator's body movements. After the Steadicam patent expired in the early 1990s, many other companies began manufacturing their concept of the personal camera stabilizer.

Special effects[edit]
Main article: Special effect
The first special effects in the cinema were created while the film was being shot. These came to be known as "in-camera" effects. Later, optical and digital effects were developed so that editors and visual effects artists could more tightly control the process by manipulating the film in post-production.

The 1896 movie The Execution of Mary Stuart shows an actor dressed as the queen placing her head on the execution block in front of a small group of bystanders in Elizabethan dress. The executioner brings his axe down, and the queen's severed head drops onto the ground. This trick was worked by stopping the camera and replacing the actor with a dummy, then restarting the camera before the axe falls. The two pieces of film were then trimmed and cemented together so that the action appeared continuous when the film was shown.

This film was among those exported to Europe with the first Kinetoscope machines in 1895, and was seen by Georges M li s, who was putting on magic shows in his Theatre Robert-Houdin in Paris at the time. He took up filmmaking in 1896, and after making imitations of other films from Edison, Lumi re, and Robert Paul, he made Escamotage d'un dame chez Robert-Houdin (The Vanishing Lady). This film shows a woman being made to vanish by using the same stop motion technique as the earlier Edison film. After this, Georges M li s made many single shot films using this trick over the next couple of years.

Double exposure[edit]

A scene inset inside a circular vignette showing a "dream vision" in Santa Claus (1898).
The other basic technique for trick cinematography involves double exposure of the film in the camera, which was first done by George Albert Smith in July 1898 in the UK. Smith's The Corsican Brothers (1898) was described in the catalogue of the Warwick Trading Company, which took up the distribution of Smith's films in 1900, thus:

"One of the twin brothers returns home from shooting in the Corsican mountains, and is visited by the ghost of the other twin. By extremely careful photography the ghost appears *quite transparent*. After indicating that he has been killed by a sword-thrust, and appealing for vengeance, he disappears. A 'vision' then appears showing the fatal duel in the snow. To the Corsican's amazement, the duel and death of his brother are vividly depicted in the vision, and overcome by his feelings, he falls to the floor just as his mother enters the room."

The ghost effect was done by draping the set in black velvet after the main action had been shot, and then re-exposing the negative with the actor playing the ghost going through the actions at the appropriate point. Likewise, the vision, which appeared within a circular vignette or matte, was similarly superimposed over a black area in the backdrop to the scene, rather than over a part of the set with detail in it, so that nothing appeared through the image, which seemed quite solid. Smith used this technique again in Santa Claus (1898).

Georges M li s first used superimposition on a dark background in La Caverne maudite (The Cave of the Demons) made a couple of months later in 1898, and elaborated it with multiple superimpositions in the one shot in Un Homme de t tes (The Four Troublesome Heads). He created further variations in subsequent films.

Frame rate selection[edit]
Main article: Frame rate
Motion picture images are presented to an audience at a constant speed. In the theater it is 24 frames per second, in NTSC (US) Television it is 30 frames per second (29.97 to be exact), in PAL (Europe) television it is 25 frames per second. This speed of presentation does not vary.

However, by varying the speed at which the image is captured, various effects can be created knowing that the faster or slower recorded image will be played at a constant speed.

For instance, time-lapse photography is created by exposing an image at an extremely slow rate. If a cinematographer sets a camera to expose one frame every minute for four hours, and then that footage is projected at 24 frames per second, a four-hour event will take 10 seconds to present, and one can present the events of a whole day (24 hours) in just one minute.

The inverse of this, if an image is captured at speeds above that at which they will be presented, the effect is to greatly slow down (slow motion) the image. If a cinematographer shoots a person diving into a pool at 96 frames per second, and that image is played back at 24 frames per second, the presentation will take 4 times as long as the actual event. Extreme slow motion, capturing many thousands of frames per second can present things normally invisible to the human eye, such as bullets in flight and shockwaves travelling through media, a potentially powerful cinematographical technique.

In motion pictures the manipulation of time and space is a considerable contributing factor to the narrative storytelling tools. Film editing plays a much stronger role in this manipulation, but frame rate selection in the photography of the original action is also a contributing factor to altering time. For example, Charlie Chaplin's Modern Times was shot at "silent speed" (18 fps) but projected at "sound speed" (24 fps), which makes the slapstick action appear even more frenetic.

Speed ramping, or simply "ramping", is a process whereby the capture frame rate of the camera changes over time. For example, if in the course of 10 seconds of capture, the capture frame rate is adjusted from 60 frames per second to 24 frames per second, when played back at the standard movie rate of 24 frames per second, a unique time-manipulation effect is achieved. For example, someone pushing a door open and walking out into the street would appear to start off in slow-motion, but in a few seconds later within the same shot the person would appear to walk in "realtime" (normal speed). The opposite speed-ramping is done in The Matrix when Neo re-enters the Matrix for the first time to see the Oracle. As he comes out of the warehouse "load-point", the camera zooms in to Neo at normal speed but as it gets closer to Neo's face, time seems to slow down, foreshadowing the manipulation of time itself within the Matrix later in the movie.

Other special techniques[edit]
G.A. Smith initiated the technique of reverse motion and also improved the quality of self-motivating images. This he did by repeating the action a second time, while filming it with an inverted camera, and then joining the tail of the second negative to that of the first. The first films using this were Tipsy, Topsy, Turvy and The Awkward Sign Painter, the latter which showed a sign painter lettering a sign, and then the painting on the sign vanishing under the painter's brush. The earliest surviving example of this technique is Smith's The House That Jack Built, made before September 1901. Here, a small boy is shown knocking down a castle just constructed by a little girl out of children's building blocks. A title then appears, saying "Reversed", and the action is repeated in reverse, so that the castle re-erects itself under his blows.

Cecil Hepworth improved upon this technique by printing the negative of the forwards motion backwards frame by frame, so that in the production of the print the original action was exactly reversed. Hepworth made The Bathers in 1900, in which bathers who have undressed and jumped into the water appear to spring backwards out of it, and have their clothes magically fly back onto their bodies.

The use of different camera speeds also appeared around 1900. Robert Paul's On a Runaway Motor Car through Piccadilly Circus (1899), had the camera turn so slowly that when the film was projected at the usual 16 frames per second, the scenery appeared to be passing at great speed. Cecil Hepworth used the opposite effect in The Indian Chief and the Seidlitz Powder (1901), in which a na ve Red Indian eats a lot of the fizzy stomach medicine, causing his stomach to expand and then he then leaps around balloon-like. This was done by cranking the camera faster than the normal 16 frames per second giving the first "slow motion" effect.

Personnel[edit]

A camera crew from the First Motion Picture Unit
In descending order of seniority, the following staff are involved:

Director of Photography also called cinematographer
Camera Operator also called cameraman
First Assistant camera also called focus puller
Second Assistant camera also called clapper loader
In the film industry, the cinematographer is responsible for the technical aspects of the images (lighting, lens choices, composition, exposure, filtration, film selection), but works closely with the director to ensure that the artistic aesthetics are supporting the director's vision of the story being told. The cinematographers are the heads of the camera, grip and lighting crew on a set, and for this reason they are often called directors of photography or DPs. The ASC defines cinematography as:a creative and interpretive process that culminates in the authorship of an original work of art rather than the simple recording of a physical event. Cinematography is not a subcategory of photography. Rather, photography is but one craft that the cinematographer uses in addition to other physical, organizational, managerial, interpretive and image-manipulating techniques to effect one coherent process.[10] In British tradition, if the DOP actually operates the camera him/herself they are called the cinematographer. On smaller productions it is common for one person to perform all these functions alone. The career progression usually involves climbing up the ladder from seconding, firsting, eventually to operating the camera.

Directors of photography make many creative and interpretive decisions during the course of their work, from pre-production to post-production, all of which affect the overall feel and look of the motion picture. Many of these decisions are similar to what a photographer needs to note when taking a picture: the cinematographer controls the film choice itself (from a range of available stocks with varying sensitivities to light and color), the selection of lens focal lengths, aperture exposure and focus. Cinematography, however, has a temporal aspect (see persistence of vision), unlike still photography, which is purely a single still image. It is also bulkier and more strenuous to deal with movie cameras, and it involves a more complex array of choices. As such a cinematographer often needs to work co-operatively with more people than does a photographer, who could frequently function as a single person. As a result, the cinematographer's job also includes personnel management and logistical organization. Given the in-depth knowledge a cinematographer requires not only of his or her own craft but also that of other personnel, formal tuition in analogue or digital filmmaking can be advantageous.[11]

See also[edit]
Portal icon Film portal
3-D film
Academy Award for Best Cinematography
Cinematographer
Digital cinema
Fictional film
Film crew
Filmmaking
Film theory
Films about cinematography:
Visions of Light (1992)
Cinematographer Style (2006)
Visual arts
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Vincent van Gogh painting 'The Church at Auvers from 1890 gray church against blue sky
Vincent van Gogh: The Church at Auvers (1890)
The visual arts are art forms such as ceramics, drawing, painting, sculpture, printmaking, design, crafts, photography, video, filmmaking and architecture. Many artistic disciplines (performing arts, conceptual art, textile arts) involve aspects of the visual arts as well as arts of other types. Also included within the visual arts[1] are the applied arts[2] such as industrial design, graphic design, fashion design, interior design and decorative art.[3]

Current usage of the term "visual arts" includes fine art as well as the applied, decorative arts and crafts, but this was not always the case. Before the Arts and Crafts Movement in Britain and elsewhere at the turn of the 20th century, the term 'artist' was often restricted to a person working in the fine arts (such as painting, sculpture, or printmaking) and not the handicraft, craft, or applied art media. The distinction was emphasized by artists of the Arts and Crafts Movement, who valued vernacular art forms as much as high forms.[4] Art schools made a distinction between the fine arts and the crafts, maintaining that a craftsperson could not be considered a practitioner of the arts.

The increasing tendency to privilege painting, and to a lesser degree sculpture, above other arts has been a feature of Western art as well as East Asian art. In both regions painting has been seen as relying to the highest degree on the imagination of the artist, and the furthest removed from manual labour - in Chinese painting the most highly valued styles were those of "scholar-painting", at least in theory practiced by gentleman amateurs. The Western hierarchy of genres reflected similar attitudes.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Education and training
2 Drawing
3 Painting
3.1 Origins and early history
3.2 The Renaissance
3.3 Dutch masters
3.4 Baroque
3.5 Impressionism
3.6 Post-impressionism
3.7 Symbolism, expressionism and cubism
4 Printmaking
4.1 European history
4.2 Chinese origin and practice
4.3 Development In Japan 1603-1867
5 Photography
5.1 Filmmaking
6 Computer art
7 Glitch Art
8 Plastic arts
8.1 Sculpture
9 United States of America copyright definition of visual art
10  See also
11  References
12  Bibliography
13  External links
Education and training[edit]
Main article: Visual arts education
Training in the visual arts has generally been through variations of the apprentice and workshop systems. In Europe the Renaissance movement to increase the prestige of the artist led to the academy system for training artists, and today most of the people who are pursuing a career in arts train in art schools at tertiary levels. Visual arts have now become an elective subject in most education systems. (See also art education.)

Drawing[edit]
Main article: Drawing
Drawing is a means of making an image, using any of a wide variety of tools and techniques. It generally involves making marks on a surface by applying pressure from a tool, or moving a tool across a surface using dry media such as graphite pencils, pen and ink, inked brushes, wax color pencils, crayons, charcoals, pastels, and markers. Digital tools that simulate the effects of these are also used. The main techniques used in drawing are: line drawing, hatching, crosshatching, random hatching, scribbling, stippling, and blending. An artist who excels in drawing is referred to as a draftsman or draughtsman.

Drawing goes back at least 16,000 years to Paleolithic cave representations of animals such as those at Lascaux in France and Altamira in Spain. In ancient Egypt, ink drawings on papyrus, often depicting people, were used as models for painting or sculpture. Drawings on Greek vases, initially geometric, later developed to the human form with black-figure pottery during the 7th century BC.[5]

With paper becoming common in Europe by the 15th century, drawing was adopted by masters such as Sandro Botticelli, Raphael, Michelangelo, and Leonardo da Vinci who sometimes treated drawing as an art in its own right rather than a preparatory stage for painting or sculpture.[6]

Painting[edit]
Mosaic of Battle of Issus Alexander against Darius
Mosaic of Battle of Issus
Main article: Painting
drawing of Nefertari with Isis
Nefertari with Isis
Painting taken literally is the practice of applying pigment suspended in a carrier (or medium) and a binding agent (a glue) to a surface (support) such as paper, canvas or a wall. However, when used in an artistic sense it means the use of this activity in combination with drawing, composition and, or, other aesthetic considerations in order to manifest the expressive and conceptual intention of the practitioner. Painting is also used to express spiritual motifs and ideas; sites of this kind of painting range from artwork depicting mythological figures on pottery to The Sistine Chapel to the human body itself.

Origins and early history[edit]
Main article: History of painting
Like drawing, painting has its documented origins in caves and on rock faces. The finest examples, believed by some to be 32,000 years old, are in the Chauvet and Lascaux caves in southern France. In shades of red, brown, yellow and black, the paintings on the walls and ceilings are of bison, cattle, horses and deer.

Raphael painting of Christ Falling on the Way to Calvary from 1514-1516
Raphael: Spasimo (1514-1516)
Paintings of human figures can be found in the tombs of ancient Egypt. In the great temple of Ramses II, Nefertari, his queen, is depicted being led by Isis.[7] The Greeks contributed to painting but much of their work has been lost. One of the best remaining representations is the mosaic of the Battle of Issus at Pompeii, which was probably based on a Greek painting. Greek and Roman art contributed to Byzantine art in the 4th century BC, which initiated a tradition in icon painting.

The Renaissance[edit]
Main article: Italian Renaissance painting
Apart from the illuminated manuscripts produced by monks during the Middle Ages, the next significant contribution to European art was from Italy's renaissance painters. From Giotto in the 13th century to Leonardo da Vinci and Raphael at the beginning of the 16th century, this was the richest period in Italian art as the chiaroscuro techniques were used to create the illusion of 3-D space.[8]

Rembrandt painting Night Watch two men striding forward with a crowd
Rembrandt: The Night Watch
Painters in northern Europe too were influenced by the Italian school. Jan van Eyck from Belgium, Pieter Bruegel the Elder from the Netherlands and Hans Holbein the Younger from Germany are among the most successful painters of the times. They used the glazing technique with oils to achieve depth and luminosity.

Claude Monet painting D jeuner sur l'herbe from 1866 artists stiing on picnic blanket
Claude Monet: D jeuner sur l'herbe (1866)
Dutch masters[edit]
Main article: Dutch Golden Age painting
The 17th century witnessed the emergence of the great Dutch masters such as the versatile Rembrandt who was especially remembered for his portraits and Bible scenes, and Vermeer who specialized in interior scenes of Dutch life.

Baroque[edit]
Main article: Baroque
The Baroque started after the Renaissance, from the late 16th century to the late 17th century. Main artists of the Baroque included Caravaggio, who made heavy use of tenebrism. Peter Paul Rubens was a flemish painter who studied in Italy, worked for local churches in Antwerp and also painted a series for Marie de' Medici. Annibale Carracci took influences from the Sistine Chapel and created the genre of illusionistic ceiling painting. Much of the development that happened in the Baroque was because of the Protestant Reformation and the resulting Counter Reformation. Much of what defines the Baroque is dramatic lighting and overall visuals.[9]

Impressionism[edit]
Main article: Impressionism
Impressionism began in France in the 19th century with a loose association of artists including Claude Monet, Pierre-Auguste Renoir and Paul C zanne who brought a new freely brushed style to painting, often choosing to paint realistic scenes of modern life outside rather than in the studio. This was achieved through a new expression of aesthetic features demonstrated by brush strokes and the impression of reality. They achieved intense colour vibration by using pure, unmixed colours and short brush strokes. The movement influenced art as a dynamic, moving through time and adjusting to new found techniques and perception of art. Attention to detail became less of a priority in achieving, whilst exploring a biased view of landscapes and nature to the artists eye.[10][11]

Paul Gauguin painting The Vision After the Sermon from 1888 nuns gathering around a small angel
Paul Gauguin: The Vision After the Sermon (1888)
Edvard Munch painting The Scream from 1893 man at bridge with hands to ears and mouth open
Edvard Munch: The Scream (1893)
Post-impressionism[edit]
Main article: Post-Impressionism
Towards the end of the 19th century, several young painters took impressionism a stage further, using geometric forms and unnatural colour to depict emotions while striving for deeper symbolism. Of particular note are Paul Gauguin, who was strongly influenced by Asian, African and Japanese art, Vincent van Gogh, a Dutchman who moved to France where he drew on the strong sunlight of the south, and Toulouse-Lautrec, remembered for his vivid paintings of night life in the Paris district of Montmartre.[12]

Symbolism, expressionism and cubism[edit]
Main article: Modern art
Edvard Munch, a Norwegian artist, developed his symbolistic approach at the end of the 19th century, inspired by the French impressionist Manet. The Scream (1893), his most famous work, is widely interpreted as representing the universal anxiety of modern man. Partly as a result of Munch's influence, the German expressionist movement originated in Germany at the beginning of the 20th century as artists such as Ernst Kirschner and Erich Heckel began to distort reality for an emotional effect. In parallel, the style known as cubism developed in France as artists focused on the volume and space of sharp structures within a composition. Pablo Picasso and Georges Braque were the leading proponents of the movement. Objects are broken up, analyzed, and re-assembled in an abstracted form. By the 1920s, the style had developed into surrealism with Dali and Magritte.[13]

Printmaking[edit]
Ancient Chinese engraving of female instrumentalists
Ancient Chinese engraving of female instrumentalists
Main article: Printmaking
Printmaking is creating, for artistic purposes, an image on a matrix that is then transferred to a two-dimensional (flat) surface by means of ink (or another form of pigmentation). Except in the case of a monotype, the same matrix can be used to produce many examples of the print.

Albrecht D rer engraving Melancholia I from 1541 seated angel contemplating figure
Albrecht D rer: Melancholia I (1541)
Historically, the major techniques (also called media) involved are woodcut, line engraving, etching, lithography, and screenprinting (serigraphy, silkscreening) but there are many others, including modern digital techniques. Normally, the print is printed on paper, but other mediums range from cloth and vellum to more modern materials. Major printmaking traditions include that of Japan (ukiyo-e).

European history[edit]
Main article: Old master print
Prints in the Western tradition produced before about 1830 are known as old master prints. In Europe, from around 1400 AD woodcut, was used for master prints on paper by using printing techniques developed in the Byzantine and Islamic worlds. Michael Wolgemut improved German woodcut from about 1475, and Erhard Reuwich, a Dutchman, was the first to use cross-hatching. At the end of the century Albrecht D rer brought the Western woodcut to a stage that has never been surpassed, increasing the status of the single-leaf woodcut.[14]

Chinese origin and practice[edit]
The Chinese Diamond Sutra, the world's oldest Woodblock printing book from 868 CE
The Chinese Diamond Sutra, the world's oldest printed book (868 CE)
Main article: Woodblock printing
In China, the art of printmaking developed some 1,100 years ago as illustrations alongside text cut in woodblocks for printing on paper. Initially images were mainly religious but in the Song Dynasty, artists began to cut landscapes. During the Ming (1368 1644) and Qing (1616 1911) dynasties, the technique was perfected for both religious and artistic engravings.[15][16]

Development In Japan 1603-1867[edit]
Hokusai color print "Red Fuji southern wind clear morning" from Thirty-six Views of Mount Fuji
Hokusai: "Red Fuji southern wind clear morning" from Thirty-six Views of Mount Fuji
Main article: Woodblock printing in Japan
Woodblock printing in Japan (Japanese:    , moku hanga) is a technique best known for its use in the ukiyo-e artistic genre; however, it was also used very widely for printing books in the same period. Woodblock printing had been used in China for centuries to print books, long before the advent of movable type, but was only widely adopted in Japan surprisingly late, during the Edo period (1603-1867). Although similar to woodcut in western printmaking in some regards, moku hanga differs greatly in that water-based inks are used (as opposed to western woodcut, which uses oil-based inks), allowing for a wide range of vivid color, glazes and color transparency.

Photography[edit]
Main article: Photography
Photography is the process of making pictures by means of the action of light. Light patterns reflected or emitted from objects are recorded onto a sensitive medium or storage chip through a timed exposure. The process is done through mechanical shutters or electronically timed exposure of photons into chemical processing or digitizing devices known as cameras.

The word comes from the Greek words     phos ("light"), and        graphis ("stylus", "paintbrush") or       graph , together meaning "drawing with light" or "representation by means of lines" or "drawing." Traditionally, the product of photography has been called a photograph. The term photo is an abbreviation; many people also call them pictures. In digital photography, the term image has begun to replace photograph. (The term image is traditional in geometric optics.)

Filmmaking[edit]
Main article: Filmmaking
Filmmaking is the process of making a motion-picture, from an initial conception and research, through scriptwriting, shooting and recording, animation or other special effects, editing, sound and music work and finally distribution to an audience; it refers broadly to the creation of all types of films, embracing documentary, strains of theatre and literature in film, and poetic or experimental practices, and is often used to refer to video-based processes as well.

Computer art[edit]
Main article: Computer art
Visual artists are no longer limited to traditional art media. Computers have been used as an ever more common tool in the visual arts since the 1960s. Uses include the capturing or creating of images and forms, the editing of those images and forms (including exploring multiple compositions) and the final rendering and/or printing (including 3D printing).

Computer art is any in which computers played a role in production or display. Such art can be an image, sound, animation, video, CD-ROM, DVD, video game, website, algorithm, performance or gallery installation. Many traditional disciplines are now integrating digital technologies and, as a result, the lines between traditional works of art and new media works created using computers have been blurred. For instance, an artist may combine traditional painting with algorithmic art and other digital techniques. As a result, defining computer art by its end product can be difficult. Nevertheless, this type of art is beginning to appear in art museum exhibits, though it has yet to prove its legitimacy as a form unto itself and this technology is widely seen in contemporary art more as a tool rather than a form as with painting.

Computer usage has blurred the distinctions between illustrators, photographers, photo editors, 3-D modelers, and handicraft artists. Sophisticated rendering and editing software has led to multi-skilled image developers. Photographers may become digital artists. Illustrators may become animators. Handicraft may be computer-aided or use computer-generated imagery as a template. Computer clip art usage has also made the clear distinction between visual arts and page layout less obvious due to the easy access and editing of clip art in the process of paginating a document, especially to the unskilled observer.

Glitch Art[edit]
Glitch art is the aestheticization of digital or analog errors, such as artifacts and other "bugs", by either corrupting digital code/data or by physically manipulating electronic devices (for example by circuit bending). Glitch art can apply to video, music, sound art, photography or digital art.

Plastic arts[edit]
Main article: Plastic arts
Plastic arts is a term, now largely forgotten, encompassing art forms that involve physical manipulation of a plastic medium by moulding or modeling such as sculpture or ceramics. The term has also been applied to all the visual (non-literary, non-musical) arts.[17][18]

Materials that can be carved or shaped, such as stone or wood, concrete or steel, have also been included in the narrower definition, since, with appropriate tools, such materials are also capable of modulation.[citation needed] This use of the term "plastic" in the arts should not be confused with Piet Mondrian's use, nor with the movement he termed, in French and English, "Neoplasticism."

Sculpture[edit]
Main article: Sculpture
Sculpture is three-dimensional artwork created by shaping or combining hard and/or plastic material, sound, and/or text and or light, commonly stone (either rock or marble), clay, metal, glass, or wood. Some sculptures are created directly by finding or carving; others are assembled, built together and fired, welded, molded, or cast. Sculptures are often painted.[19] A person who creates sculptures is called a sculptor.

Because sculpture involves the use of materials that can be moulded or modulated, it is considered one of the plastic arts. The majority of public art is sculpture. Many sculptures together in a garden setting may be referred to as a sculpture garden.

Sculptors do not always make sculptures by hand. With increasing technology in the 20th century and the popularity of conceptual art over technical mastery, more sculptors turned to art fabricators to produce their artworks. With fabrication, the artist creates a design and pays a fabricator to produce it. This allows sculptors to create larger and more complex sculptures out of material like cement, metal and plastic, that they would not be able to create by hand. Sculptures can also be made with 3-d printing technology.

United States of America copyright definition of visual art[edit]
In the United States, the law protecting the copyright over a piece of visual art gives a more restrictive definition of "visual art". The following quote is from the Copyright Law of the United States of America- Chapter 1:[20]

A  work of visual art  is  
(1) a painting, drawing, print or sculpture, existing in a single copy, in a limited edition of 200 copies or fewer that are signed and consecutively numbered by the author, or, in the case of a sculpture, in multiple cast, carved, or fabricated sculptures of 200 or fewer that are consecutively numbered by the author and bear the signature or other identifying mark of the author; or
(2) a still photographic image produced for exhibition purposes only, existing in a single copy that is signed by the author, or in a limited edition of 200 copies or fewer that are signed and consecutively numbered by the author.

A work of visual art does not include  
(A)(i) any poster, map, globe, chart, technical drawing, diagram, model, applied art, motion picture or other audiovisual work, book, magazine, newspaper, periodical, data base, electronic information service, electronic publication, or similar publication;
  (ii) any merchandising item or advertising, promotional, descriptive, covering, or packaging material or container;
  (iii) any portion or part of any item described in clause (i) or (ii);
(B) any work made for hire; or
(C) any work not subject to copyright protection under this title.
Sistine Chapel
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Changes must be reviewed before being displayed on this page.show/hide details
Sistine Chapel
Cappella Sistina  (Italian)
Sistina-interno.jpg
View of the interior of the Sistine Chapel.
Sistine Chapel is located in Vatican City Sistine Chapel
Location on a map of Vatican City
Basic information
Location  Vatican City
Geographic coordinates  41 54 11 N 012 27 16 ECoordinates: 41 54 11 N 012 27 16 E
Affiliation Roman Catholic
District  Diocese of Rome
Year consecrated  15 August 1483
Ecclesiastical or organizational status Papal oratory
Leadership  Francis
Website mv.vatican.va
Architectural description
Architect(s)  Baccio Pontelli, Giovanni de Dolci[1]
Architectural type  Church
Groundbreaking  1473[1]
Completed 1481[1]
Specifications
Length  40.9 metres (134 ft)
Width (nave)  13.4 metres (44 ft)
Height (max)  20.7 metres (68 ft)
UNESCO World Heritage Site
Official name: Vatican City
Type  Cultural
Criteria  i, ii, iv, vi
Designated  1984[2]
Reference no. 286
State Party Flag of the Vatican City.svg Holy See
Region  Europe and North America
The Sistine Chapel (/ s sti n  t  p l/; Latin: Sacellum Sixtinum; Italian: Cappella Sistina [kap p lla si sti na]) is a chapel in the Apostolic Palace, the official residence of the Pope, in Vatican City. Originally known as the Cappella Magna, the chapel takes its name from Pope Sixtus IV, who restored it between 1477 and 1480. Since that time, the chapel has served as a place of both religious and functionary papal activity. Today it is the site of the Papal conclave, the process by which a new pope is selected. The fame of the Sistine Chapel lies mainly in the frescos that decorate the interior, and most particularly the Sistine Chapel ceiling and The Last Judgment by Michelangelo.

During the reign of Sixtus IV, a team of Renaissance painters that included Sandro Botticelli, Pietro Perugino, Pinturicchio, Domenico Ghirlandaio and Cosimo Roselli, created a series of frescos depicting the Life of Moses and the Life of Christ, offset by papal portraits above and trompe l oeil drapery below. These paintings were completed in 1482, and on 15 August 1483 Sixtus IV celebrated the first mass in the Sistine Chapel for the Feast of the Assumption, at which ceremony the chapel was consecrated and dedicated to the Virgin Mary.[3][4]

Between 1508 and 1512, under the patronage of Pope Julius II, Michelangelo painted the Sistine Chapel ceiling, a masterpiece without precedent, that was to change the course of Western art.[5][6] In a different climate after the Sack of Rome, he returned and between 1535 and 1541, painted The Last Judgment for Popes Clement VII and Paul III.[7] The fame of Michelangelo's paintings has drawn multitudes of visitors to the chapel, ever since they were revealed five hundred years ago.

Contents  [hide] 
1 History
1.1 Papal conclave
2 Architecture
2.1 Structure
2.2 Interior of the Sistine Chapel
3 Decoration
3.1 History
4 Frescoes
4.1 Southern wall
4.2 Northern wall
4.3 Eastern wall
4.4 Michelangelo's frescoes
4.4.1 Ceiling
4.4.2 Last Judgement
5 Restoration and controversy
6 Quotes on Michelangelo's frescoes in the Sistine Chapel
7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10  External links
History[edit]
While known as the location of Papal conclaves, the primary function of the Sistine Chapel is as the chapel of the Papal Chapel (Cappella Pontificia), one of the two bodies of the Papal household, called until 1968 the Papal Court (Pontificalis Aula). At the time of Pope Sixtus IV in the late 15th century, the Papal Chapel comprised about 200 people, including clerics, officials of the Vatican and distinguished laity. There were 50 occasions during the year on which it was prescribed by the Papal Calendar that the whole Papal Chapel should meet.[8] Of these 50 occasions, 35 were masses, of which 8 were held in Basilicas, in general St. Peter's, and were attended by large congregations. These included the Christmas Day and Easter masses, at which the Pope himself was the celebrant. The other 27 masses could be held in a smaller, less public space, for which the Cappella Maggiore was used before it was rebuilt on the same site as the Sistine Chapel.

The Cappella Maggiore derived its name, the Greater Chapel, from the fact that there was another chapel also in use by the Pope and his retinue for daily worship. At the time of Pope Sixtus IV, this was the Chapel of Pope Nicholas V, which had been decorated by Fra Angelico. The Cappella Maggiore is recorded as existing in 1368. According to a communication from Andreas of Trebizond to Pope Sixtus IV, by the time of its demolition to make way for the present chapel, the Cappella Maggiore was in a ruinous state with its walls leaning.[9]


The Sistine Chapel as it may have appeared in the 15th century (19th-century drawing)
The present chapel, on the site of the Cappella Maggiore, was designed by Baccio Pontelli for Pope Sixtus IV, for whom it is named, and built under the supervision of Giovannino de Dolci between 1473 and 1481.[1] The proportions of the present chapel appear to closely follow those of the original. After its completion, the chapel was decorated with frescoes by a number of the most famous artists of the High Renaissance, including Sandro Botticelli, Domenico Ghirlandaio, Pietro Perugino, and Michelangelo.[9]

The first mass in the Sistine Chapel was celebrated on 15 August 1483, the Feast of the Assumption, at which ceremony the chapel was consecrated and dedicated to the Virgin Mary.[10]

The Sistine Chapel has maintained its function to the present day, and continues to host the important services of the Papal Calendar, unless the Pope is travelling. There is a permanent choir, the Sistine Chapel Choir, for whom much original music has been written, the most famous piece being Gregorio Allegri's Miserere.[11]

Papal conclave[edit]
Main article: Papal conclave
One of the functions of the Sistine Chapel is as a venue for the election of each successive pope in a conclave of the College of Cardinals. On the occasion of a conclave, a chimney is installed in the roof of the chapel, from which smoke arises as a signal. If white smoke appears, created by burning the ballots of the election, a new Pope has been elected. If a candidate receives less than a two-thirds vote, the cardinals send up black smoke   created by burning the ballots along with wet straw and chemical additives   it means that no successful election has yet occurred.[12]

The conclave also provided for the cardinals a space in which they can hear mass, and in which they can eat, sleep, and pass time attended by servants. From 1455, conclaves have been held in the Vatican; until the Great Schism, they were held in the Dominican convent of Santa Maria sopra Minerva.[13] Since 1996, John Paul II's Apostolic Constitution Universi Dominici gregis requires the cardinals to be lodged in the Domus Sanctae Marthae during a papal conclave, but to continue to vote in the Sistine Chapel.[14]

Canopies for each cardinal-elector were once used during conclaves a sign of equal dignity. After the new Pope accepts his election, he would give his new name; at this time, the other Cardinals would tug on a rope attached to their seats to lower their canopies. Until reforms instituted by Saint Pius X, the canopies were of different colours to designate which Cardinals had been appointed by which Pope. Paul VI abolished the canopies altogether, since, under his papacy, the population of the College of Cardinals had increased so much to the point that they would need to be seated in rows of two against the walls, making the canopies obstruct the view of the cardinals in the back row.

Architecture[edit]
Structure[edit]

Exterior of the Sistine Chapel
The chapel is a high rectangular building, for which absolute measurements are hard to ascertain, as available measurements are for the interior: 40.9 metres (134 ft) long by 13.4 metres (44 ft) wide, the dimensions of the Temple of Solomon, as given in the Old Testament.[15]

Its exterior is unadorned by architectural or decorative details, as is common in many Italian churches of the Medieval and Renaissance eras. It has no exterior fa ade or exterior processional doorways, as the ingress has always been from internal rooms within the Apostolic Palace (Papal Palace), and the exterior can be seen only from nearby windows and light-wells in the palace. Subsidence and cracking of masonry such as must also have affected the Cappella Maggiore has necessitated the building of very large buttresses to brace the exterior walls. The accretion of other buildings has further altered the exterior appearance of the Chapel.

The building is divided into three stories of which the lowest is a very tall basement level with several utilitarian windows and a doorway giving onto the exterior court. Internally, the basement is robustly vaulted to support the chapel. Above is the main space, the Sistine Chapel, the vaulted ceiling rising to 20.7 metres (68 ft). The building had six tall arched windows down each side and two at either end, several of which have been blocked. Above the vault is a third story with wardrooms for guards. At this level, an open projecting gangway was constructed, which encircled the building supported on an arcade springing from the walls. The gangway has been roofed as it was a continual source of water leaking in to the vault of the Chapel.


A reconstruction of the appearance of the chapel in the 1480s, prior to the painting of the ceiling.
Interior of the Sistine Chapel[edit]
The general proportions of the chapel use the length as the unit of measurement. This has been divided by three to get the width and by two to get the height. Maintaining the ratio, there were six windows down each side and two at either end. Defined proportions were a feature of Renaissance architecture and reflected the growing interest in the Classical heritage of Rome.

The ceiling of the chapel is a flattened barrel vault springing from a course that encircles the walls at the level of the springing of the window arches. This barrel vault is cut transversely by smaller vaults over each window, which divide the barrel vault at its lowest level into a series of large pendentives rising from shallow pilasters between each window. The barrel vault was originally painted brilliant-blue and dotted with gold stars, to the design of Piermatteo Lauro de' Manfredi da Amelia.[9] The pavement is in opus alexandrinum, a decorative style using marble and coloured stone in a pattern that reflects the earlier proportion in the division of the interior and also marks the processional way from the main door, used by the Pope on important occasions such as Palm Sunday.

A screen or transenna in marble by Mino da Fiesole, Andrea Bregno, and Giovanni Dalmata divides the chapel into two parts.[16] Originally these made equal space for the members of the Papal Chapel within the sanctuary near the altar and the pilgrims and townsfolk without. However, with growth in the number of those attending the Pope, the screen was moved giving a reduced area for the faithful laity. The transenna is surmounted by a row of ornate candlesticks, once gilt, and has a wooden door, where once there was an ornate door of gilded wrought iron. The sculptors of the transenna also provided the cantoria or projecting choir gallery.

Decoration[edit]

Diagram of the fresco decoration of the walls and ceiling of the Sistine Chapel
History[edit]
The first stage in the decoration of the Sistine Chapel was the painting of the ceiling in blue, studded with gilt stars, and with decorative borders around the architectural details of the pendentives. This was entirely replaced when Michelangelo came to work on the ceiling in 1508.

Of the present scheme of frescos, the earliest part is that of the side walls. They are divided into three main tiers. The central tier of the walls has two cycles of paintings, which complement each other, The Life of Moses and The Life of Christ. They were commissioned in 1480 by Pope Sixtus IV and executed by Domenico Ghirlandaio, Sandro Botticelli, Pietro Perugino, Cosimo Roselli and their workshops. The project was perhaps supervised by Perugino, who arrived at the chapel prior to the Florentines. It is probable that the commission of Ghirlandaio, Botticelli and Roselli was part of a reconciliation project between Lorenzo de' Medici, the de facto ruler of Florence, and Pope Sixtus IV. The Florentines started to work in the Sistine Chapel in the Spring of 1481.

Beneath the cycles of The Life of Moses and The Life of Christ, the lower level of the walls is decorated with frescoed hangings in silver and gold. Above the narrative frescos, the upper tier is divided into two zones. At the lower level of the windows is a Gallery of Popes painted at the same time as the Lives. Around the arched tops of the windows are areas known as the lunettes which contain the Ancestors of Christ, painted by Michelangelo as part of the scheme for the ceiling.

The ceiling was commissioned by Pope Julius II and painted by Michelangelo between 1508 and 1512. The commission was originally to paint the twelve apostles on the triangular pendentives which support the vault; however, Michelangelo demanded a free hand in the pictorial content of the scheme. He painted a series of nine pictures showing God's Creation of the World, God's Relationship with Mankind, and Mankind's Fall from God's Grace. On the large pendentives he painted twelve Biblical and Classical men and women who prophesied that God would send Jesus Christ for the salvation of mankind, and around the upper parts of the windows, the Ancestors of Christ.

In 1515, Raphael was commissioned by Pope Leo X to design a series of ten tapestries to hang around the lower tier of the walls.[17] The tapestries depict events from the Life of St. Peter and the Life of St. Paul, the founders of the Christian Church in Rome, as described in the Gospels and the Acts of the Apostles. Work began in mid-1515. Due to their large size, manufacture of the hangings was carried out in Brussels, and took four years under the hands of the weavers in the shop of Pieter van Aelst.[18] Raphael's tapestries were looted during the Sack of Rome in 1527 and were either burnt for their precious metal content or were scattered around Europe. In the late 20th century, a set was reassembled from several further sets that had been made after the first set, and displayed again in the Sistine Chapel in 1983. The tapestries continue in use at occasional ceremonies of particular importance. The full-size preparatory cartoons for seven of the ten tapestries are known as the Raphael Cartoons and are in London.[19]

At this point, the decorative scheme displayed a consistent iconographical pattern. The tier of Popes, which, in the scheme intended by Pope Julius, would have appeared immediately below the Twelve Apostles, would have emphasised the apostolic succession. It has been argued that the present scheme shows the two Biblical Testaments merged in order to reveal the Old predicting and framing the New, synthesizing, the logic of the Christian Bible.[20]

This was disrupted by a further commission to Michelangelo to decorate the wall above the altar with The Last Judgment, 1537 1541. The painting of this scene necessitated the obliteration of two episodes from the Lives, the Nativity of Jesus and the Finding of Moses; several of the Popes and two sets of Ancestors.

Frescoes[edit]

Trials of Moses by Botticelli
Southern wall[edit]
The southern wall is decorated with the Stories of Moses, painted in 1481 1482. Starting from the altar, they include:

Moses Leaving to Egypt by Pietro Perugino and assistants
The Trials of Moses by Sandro Botticelli and his workshop
The Crossing of the Red Sea by Cosimo Rosselli, Domenico Ghirlandaio or Biagio di Antonio Tucci
Descent from Mount Sinai by Cosimo Rosselli or Piero di Cosimo
Punishment of the Rebels by Sandro Botticelli
Testament and Death of Moses by Luca Signorelli or Bartolomeo della Gatta
Northern wall[edit]

The Delivery of the Keys by Perugino
The northern wall houses the Stories of Jesus, dating to 1481 1482. They include:

Baptism of Christ by Pietro Perugino and assistants
Temptation of Christ by Sandro Botticelli
Vocation of the Apostles by Domenico Ghirlandaio
The Sermon on the Mount, attributed to Cosimo Rosselli
The Delivery of the Keys by Pietro Perugino
The Last Supper by Cosimo Rosselli
Eastern wall[edit]
Resurrection of Christ by Hendrick van den Broeck (1572) over Domenico Ghirlandaio's original
Disputation over Moses' Body by Matteo da Lecce (1574) over Luca Signorelli's original
Michelangelo's frescoes[edit]

The Creation of Adam by Michelangelo
Michelangelo was commissioned by Pope Julius II in 1508 to repaint the vault, or ceiling, of the Chapel. It was originally painted as golden stars on a blue sky. The work was completed between 1508 and 2 November 1512.[21] He painted the Last Judgment over the altar, between 1535 and 1541, on commission from Pope Paul III Farnese.[22]

Michelangelo was intimidated by the scale of the commission, and made it known from the outset of Julius II's approach that he would prefer to decline. He felt he was more of a sculptor than a painter, and was suspicious that such a large-scale project was being offered to him by enemies as a set-up for an inevitable fall. For Michelangelo, the project was a distraction from the major marble sculpture that had preoccupied him for the previous few years.[23]

The sources of Michelangelo's inspiration are not easily determined; both Joachite and Augustinian theologians were within the sphere of Julius influence.[24]

Ceiling[edit]
Main article: Sistine Chapel ceiling
See also: Gallery of Sistine Chapel ceiling

A section of the Sistine Chapel ceiling
To be able to reach the ceiling, Michelangelo needed a support; the first idea was by Julius' favoured architect Donato Bramante, who wanted to build for him a scaffold to be suspended in the air with ropes. However, Bramante did not successfully complete the task, and the structure he built was flawed. He had perforated the vault in order to lower strings to secure the scaffold. Michelangelo laughed when he saw the structure, and believed it would leave holes in the ceiling once the work was ended. He asked Bramante what was to happen when the painter reached the perforations, but the architect had no answer.

The matter was taken before the Pope, who ordered Michelangelo to build a scaffold of his own. Michelangelo created a flat wooden platform on brackets built out from holes in the wall, high up near the top of the windows. Contrary to popular belief, he did not lie on this scaffolding while he painted, but painted from a standing position.[25]

Michelangelo used bright colours, easily visible from the floor. On the lowest part of the ceiling he painted the ancestors of Christ. Above this he alternated male and female prophets, with Jonah over the altar. On the highest section, Michelangelo painted nine stories from the Book of Genesis. He was originally commissioned to paint only 12 figures, the Apostles. He turned down the commission because he saw himself as a sculptor, not a painter. The Pope offered to allow Michelangelo to paint biblical scenes of his own choice as a compromise. After the work was finished, there were more than 300. His figures showed the creation, Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden, and the Great Flood.

The painted area is about 40 m (131 ft) long by 13 m (43 ft) wide. This means that Michelangelo painted well over 5,000 square feet (460 m2) of frescoes.[26]

Last Judgement[edit]

Michelangelo's The Last Judgement.
The Last Judgement was painted by Michelangelo from 1535 to 1541, between two important historic events, the Sack of Rome by mercenary forces of the Holy Roman Empire in 1527 and the Council of Trent which commenced in 1545. The work was designed on a grand scale, and spans the entire wall behind the altar of the Sistine Chapel. The painting depicts the second coming of Christ on the Day of Judgment as described in the Revelation of John, Chapter 20. High on the wall is the heroic figure of Christ, with the saints clustered in groups around him. At the bottom left of the painting the dead are raised from their graves and ascend to be judged. To the right are those who are assigned to Hell and are dragged down by demons.

The Last Judgement was an object of a bitter dispute between Cardinal Carafa and Michelangelo. Because he depicted naked figures, the artist was accused of immorality and obscenity. A censorship campaign (known as the "Fig-Leaf Campaign") was organized by Carafa and Monsignor Sernini (Mantua's ambassador) to remove the frescoes.

The Pope's Master of Ceremonies Biagio da Cesena said "it was most disgraceful that in so sacred a place there should have been depicted all those nude figures, exposing themselves so shamefully, and that it was no work for a papal chapel but rather for the public baths and taverns,"[27] In response Michelangelo worked da Cesena's semblance into the scene as Minos, judge of the underworld. It is said that when he complained to the Pope, the pontiff responded that his jurisdiction did not extend to hell, so the portrait would have to remain. Michelangelo also painted his own portrait, on the flayed skin held by St Bartholomew.

The genitalia in the fresco were later covered by the artist Daniele da Volterra, whom history remembers by the derogatory nickname "Il Braghettone" ("the breeches-painter").

Restoration and controversy[edit]
Main article: Restoration of the Sistine Chapel frescoes
The Sistine Chapel's ceiling restoration began on 7 November 1984. The restoration complete, the chapel was re-opened to the public on 8 April 1994. The part of the restoration in the Sistine Chapel that has caused the most concern is the ceiling, painted by Michelangelo. The emergence of the brightly coloured Ancestors of Christ from the gloom sparked a reaction of fear that the processes being employed in the cleaning were too severe and removed the original intent of the artist.


Daniel, before and after restoration.
The problem lies in the analysis and understanding of the techniques utilised by Michelangelo, and the technical response of the restorers to that understanding. A close examination of the frescoes of the lunettes convinced the restorers that Michelangelo worked exclusively in "buon fresco"; that is, the artist worked only on freshly laid plaster and each section of work was completed while the plaster was still in its fresh state. In other words, Michelangelo did not work "a secco"; he did not come back later and add details onto the dry plaster.

The restorers, by assuming that the artist took a universal approach to the painting, took a universal approach to the restoration. A decision was made that all of the shadowy layer of animal glue and "lamp black", all of the wax, and all of the overpainted areas were contamination of one sort or another: smoke deposits, earlier restoration attempts, and painted definition by later restorers in an attempt to enliven the appearance of the work. Based on this decision, according to Arguimbau's critical reading of the restoration data that have been provided, the chemists of the restoration team decided upon a solvent that would effectively strip the ceiling down to its paint-impregnated plaster. After treatment, only that which was painted "buon fresco" would remain.[citation needed]

Quotes on Michelangelo's frescoes in the Sistine Chapel[edit]
"Without having seen the Sistine Chapel one can form no appreciable idea of what one man is capable of achieving."

  Johann Wolfgang Goethe, 23 August 1787, [28]
Senza aver visto la Cappella Sistina non   possibile formare un'idea apprezzabile di cosa un uomo solo sia in grado di ottenere.

  Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"This work has been and truly is a beacon of our art, and it has brought such benefit and enlightenment to the art of painting that it was sufficient to illuminate a world which for so many hundreds of years had remained in the state of darkness. And, to tell the truth, anyone who is a painter no longer needs to concern himself about seeing innovations and inventions, new ways of painting poses, clothing on figures, and various awe-inspiring details, for Michelangelo gave to this work all the perfection that can be given to such details."

  Giorgio Vasari on Michelangelo's frescoes in the Sistine Chapel
See also[edit]
Portal icon Architecture portal
Portal icon Catholicism portal
Portal icon Vatican City portal
Art patronage of Julius II
Italian Renaissance painting
Index of Vatican City-related articles
Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore
Miserere (Allegri)
Color
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Colour)
This article is about the perceptual property. For a list of colors, see Lists of colors. For other uses, see Color (disambiguation).
"Colorful" redirects here. For other uses, see Colorful (disambiguation).
"Colour" redirects here. For other uses, see Colour (disambiguation).
For usage of color on Wikipedia, see Help:Using color.

Colored pencils
Color (American English) or colour (Commonwealth English) is the visual perceptual property corresponding in humans to the categories called red, blue, yellow, etc. Color derives from the spectrum of light (distribution of light power versus wavelength) interacting in the eye with the spectral sensitivities of the light receptors. Color categories and physical specifications of color are also associated with objects or materials based on their physical properties such as light absorption, reflection, or emission spectra. By defining a color space colors can be identified numerically by their coordinates.

Because perception of color stems from the varying spectral sensitivity of different types of cone cells in the retina to different parts of the spectrum, colors may be defined and quantified by the degree to which they stimulate these cells. These physical or physiological quantifications of color, however, do not fully explain the psychophysical perception of color appearance.

The science of color is sometimes called chromatics, colorimetry, or simply color science. It includes the perception of color by the human eye and brain, the origin of color in materials, color theory in art, and the physics of electromagnetic radiation in the visible range (that is, what we commonly refer to simply as light).

Contents  [hide] 
1 Physics of color
1.1 Spectral colors
1.2 Color of objects
2 Perception
2.1 Development of theories of color vision
2.2 Color in the eye
2.3 Color in the brain
2.4 Nonstandard color perception
2.4.1 Color deficiency
2.4.2 Tetrachromacy
2.4.3 Synesthesia
2.5 Afterimages
2.6 Color constancy
2.7 Color naming
3 Associations
4 Spectral colors and color reproduction
5 Additive coloring
6 Subtractive coloring
7 Structural color
8 Mentions of color in social media
9 Additional terms
10  See also
11  References
12  External links and sources
Physics of color

Continuous optical spectrum rendered into the sRGB color space.
The colors of the visible light spectrum[1]
color Wavelength
interval  Frequency
interval
Red ~ 700 635 nm  ~ 430 480 THz
Orange  ~ 635 590 nm  ~ 480 510 THz
Yellow  ~ 590 560 nm  ~ 510 540 THz
Green ~ 560 520 nm  ~ 540 580 THz
Cyan  ~ 520 490 nm  ~ 580 610 THz
Blue  ~ 490 450 nm  ~ 610 670 THz
Violet  ~ 450 400 nm  ~ 670 750 THz
Color, wavelength, frequency and energy of light
Color \lambda \,\!
(nm)

\nu \,\!
(THz)

\nu_b \,\!
( m 1)

E \,\!
(eV)

E \,\!
(kJ mol 1)

Infrared  >1000 <300  <1.00 <1.24 <120
Red 700 428 1.43  1.77  171
Orange  620 484 1.61  2.00  193
Yellow  580 517 1.72  2.14  206
Green 530 566 1.89  2.34  226
Blue  470 638 2.13  2.64  254
Violet  420 714 2.38  2.95  285
Near ultraviolet  300 1000  3.33  4.15  400
Far ultraviolet <200  >1500 >5.00 >6.20 >598

Electromagnetic radiation is characterized by its wavelength (or frequency) and its intensity. When the wavelength is within the visible spectrum (the range of wavelengths humans can perceive, approximately from 390 nm to 700 nm), it is known as "visible light".

Most light sources emit light at many different wavelengths; a source's spectrum is a distribution giving its intensity at each wavelength. Although the spectrum of light arriving at the eye from a given direction determines the color sensation in that direction, there are many more possible spectral combinations than color sensations. In fact, one may formally define a color as a class of spectra that give rise to the same color sensation, although such classes would vary widely among different species, and to a lesser extent among individuals within the same species. In each such class the members are called metamers of the color in question.

Spectral colors
The familiar colors of the rainbow in the spectrum   named using the Latin word for appearance or apparition by Isaac Newton in 1671   include all those colors that can be produced by visible light of a single wavelength only, the pure spectral or monochromatic colors. The table at right shows approximate frequencies (in terahertz) and wavelengths (in nanometers) for various pure spectral colors. The wavelengths listed are as measured in air or vacuum (see refractive index).

The color table should not be interpreted as a definitive list   the pure spectral colors form a continuous spectrum, and how it is divided into distinct colors linguistically is a matter of culture and historical contingency (although people everywhere have been shown to perceive colors in the same way[2]). A common list identifies six main bands: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and violet. Newton's conception included a seventh color, indigo, between blue and violet. It is possible that what Newton referred to as blue is nearer to what today we call cyan, and that indigo was simply the dark blue of the indigo dye that was being imported at the time.[3]

The intensity of a spectral color, relative to the context in which it is viewed, may alter its perception considerably; for example, a low-intensity orange-yellow is brown, and a low-intensity yellow-green is olive-green.

Color of objects
The color of an object depends on both the physics of the object in its environment and the characteristics of the perceiving eye and brain. Physically, objects can be said to have the color of the light leaving their surfaces, which normally depends on the spectrum of the incident illumination and the reflectance properties of the surface, as well as potentially on the angles of illumination and viewing. Some objects not only reflect light, but also transmit light or emit light themselves, which also contribute to the color. A viewer's perception of the object's color depends not only on the spectrum of the light leaving its surface, but also on a host of contextual cues, so that color differences between objects can be discerned mostly independent of the lighting spectrum, viewing angle, etc. This effect is known as color constancy.


The upper disk and the lower disk have exactly the same objective color, and are in identical gray surroundings; based on context differences, humans perceive the squares as having different reflectances, and may interpret the colors as different color categories; see checker shadow illusion.
Some generalizations of the physics can be drawn, neglecting perceptual effects for now:

Light arriving at an opaque surface is either reflected "specularly" (that is, in the manner of a mirror), scattered (that is, reflected with diffuse scattering), or absorbed   or some combination of these.
Opaque objects that do not reflect specularly (which tend to have rough surfaces) have their color determined by which wavelengths of light they scatter strongly (with the light that is not scattered being absorbed). If objects scatter all wavelengths with roughly equal strength, they appear white. If they absorb all wavelengths, they appear black.
Opaque objects that specularly reflect light of different wavelengths with different efficiencies look like mirrors tinted with colors determined by those differences. An object that reflects some fraction of impinging light and absorbs the rest may look black but also be faintly reflective; examples are black objects coated with layers of enamel or lacquer.
Objects that transmit light are either translucent (scattering the transmitted light) or transparent (not scattering the transmitted light). If they also absorb (or reflect) light of various wavelengths differentially, they appear tinted with a color determined by the nature of that absorption (or that reflectance).
Objects may emit light that they generate from having excited electrons, rather than merely reflecting or transmitting light. The electrons may be excited due to elevated temperature (incandescence), as a result of chemical reactions (chemoluminescence), after absorbing light of other frequencies ("fluorescence" or "phosphorescence") or from electrical contacts as in light emitting diodes, or other light sources.
To summarize, the color of an object is a complex result of its surface properties, its transmission properties, and its emission properties, all of which contribute to the mix of wavelengths in the light leaving the surface of the object. The perceived color is then further conditioned by the nature of the ambient illumination, and by the color properties of other objects nearby, and via other characteristics of the perceiving eye and brain.

Perception

This image (when viewed in full size, 1000 pixels wide) contains 1 million pixels, each of a different color. The human eye can distinguish about 10 million different colors.[4]
Development of theories of color vision
Main article: Color theory
Although Aristotle and other ancient scientists had already written on the nature of light and color vision, it was not until Newton that light was identified as the source of the color sensation. In 1810, Goethe published his comprehensive Theory of Colors in which he ascribed physiological effects to color that are now understood as psychological.

In 1801 Thomas Young proposed his trichromatic theory, based on the observation that any color could be matched with a combination of three lights. This theory was later refined by James Clerk Maxwell and Hermann von Helmholtz. As Helmholtz puts it, "the principles of Newton's law of mixture were experimentally confirmed by Maxwell in 1856. Young's theory of color sensations, like so much else that this marvelous investigator achieved in advance of his time, remained unnoticed until Maxwell directed attention to it."[5]

At the same time as Helmholtz, Ewald Hering developed the opponent process theory of color, noting that color blindness and afterimages typically come in opponent pairs (red-green, blue-orange, yellow-violet, and black-white). Ultimately these two theories were synthesized in 1957 by Hurvich and Jameson, who showed that retinal processing corresponds to the trichromatic theory, while processing at the level of the lateral geniculate nucleus corresponds to the opponent theory.[6]

In 1931, an international group of experts known as the Commission internationale de l' clairage (CIE) developed a mathematical color model, which mapped out the space of observable colors and assigned a set of three numbers to each.

Color in the eye
Main article: Color vision

Normalized typical human cone cell responses (S, M, and L types) to monochromatic spectral stimuli
The ability of the human eye to distinguish colors is based upon the varying sensitivity of different cells in the retina to light of different wavelengths. Humans being trichromatic, the retina contains three types of color receptor cells, or cones. One type, relatively distinct from the other two, is most responsive to light that we perceive as blue or blue-violet, with wavelengths around 450 nm; cones of this type are sometimes called short-wavelength cones, S cones, or blue cones. The other two types are closely related genetically and chemically: middle-wavelength cones, M cones, or green cones are most sensitive to light perceived as green, with wavelengths around 540 nm, while the long-wavelength cones, L cones, or red cones, are most sensitive to light we perceive as greenish yellow, with wavelengths around 570  nm.

Light, no matter how complex its composition of wavelengths, is reduced to three color components by the eye. For each location in the visual field, the three types of cones yield three signals based on the extent to which each is stimulated. These amounts of stimulation are sometimes called tristimulus values.

The response curve as a function of wavelength varies for each type of cone. Because the curves overlap, some tristimulus values do not occur for any incoming light combination. For example, it is not possible to stimulate only the mid-wavelength (so-called "green") cones; the other cones will inevitably be stimulated to some degree at the same time. The set of all possible tristimulus values determines the human color space. It has been estimated that humans can distinguish roughly 10 million different colors.[4]

The other type of light-sensitive cell in the eye, the rod, has a different response curve. In normal situations, when light is bright enough to strongly stimulate the cones, rods play virtually no role in vision at all.[7] On the other hand, in dim light, the cones are understimulated leaving only the signal from the rods, resulting in a colorless response. (Furthermore, the rods are barely sensitive to light in the "red" range.) In certain conditions of intermediate illumination, the rod response and a weak cone response can together result in color discriminations not accounted for by cone responses alone. These effects, combined, are summarized also in the Kruithof curve, that describes the change of color perception and pleasingness of light as function of temperature and intensity.

Color in the brain
Main article: Color vision

The visual dorsal stream (green) and ventral stream (purple) are shown. The ventral stream is responsible for color perception.
While the mechanisms of color vision at the level of the retina are well-described in terms of tristimulus values, color processing after that point is organized differently. A dominant theory of color vision proposes that color information is transmitted out of the eye by three opponent processes, or opponent channels, each constructed from the raw output of the cones: a red green channel, a blue yellow channel, and a black white "luminance" channel. This theory has been supported by neurobiology, and accounts for the structure of our subjective color experience. Specifically, it explains why we cannot perceive a "reddish green" or "yellowish blue", and it predicts the color wheel: it is the collection of colors for which at least one of the two color channels measures a value at one of its extremes.

The exact nature of color perception beyond the processing already described, and indeed the status of color as a feature of the perceived world or rather as a feature of our perception of the world   a type of qualia   is a matter of complex and continuing philosophical dispute.

Nonstandard color perception
Color deficiency
Main article: Color blindness
If one or more types of a person's color-sensing cones are missing or less responsive than normal to incoming light, that person can distinguish fewer colors and is said to be color deficient or color blind (though this latter term can be misleading; almost all color deficient individuals can distinguish at least some colors). Some kinds of color deficiency are caused by anomalies in the number or nature of cones in the retina. Others (like central or cortical achromatopsia) are caused by neural anomalies in those parts of the brain where visual processing takes place.

Tetrachromacy
Main article: Tetrachromacy
While most humans are trichromatic (having three types of color receptors), many animals, known as tetrachromats, have four types. These include some species of spiders, most marsupials, birds, reptiles, and many species of fish. Other species are sensitive to only two axes of color or do not perceive color at all; these are called dichromats and monochromats respectively. A distinction is made between retinal tetrachromacy (having four pigments in cone cells in the retina, compared to three in trichromats) and functional tetrachromacy (having the ability to make enhanced color discriminations based on that retinal difference). As many as half of all women are retinal tetrachromats.[8]:p.256 The phenomenon arises when an individual receives two slightly different copies of the gene for either the medium- or long-wavelength cones, which are carried on the x-chromosome. To have two different genes, a person must have two x-chromosomes, which is why the phenomenon only occurs in women.[8] For some of these retinal tetrachromats, color discriminations are enhanced, making them functional tetrachromats.[8]

Synesthesia
In certain forms of synesthesia/ideasthesia, perceiving letters and numbers (grapheme color synesthesia) or hearing musical sounds (music color synesthesia) will lead to the unusual additional experiences of seeing colors. Behavioral and functional neuroimaging experiments have demonstrated that these color experiences lead to changes in behavioral tasks and lead to increased activation of brain regions involved in color perception, thus demonstrating their reality, and similarity to real color percepts, albeit evoked through a non-standard route.

Afterimages
After exposure to strong light in their sensitivity range, photoreceptors of a given type become desensitized. For a few seconds after the light ceases, they will continue to signal less strongly than they otherwise would. Colors observed during that period will appear to lack the color component detected by the desensitized photoreceptors. This effect is responsible for the phenomenon of afterimages, in which the eye may continue to see a bright figure after looking away from it, but in a complementary color.

Afterimage effects have also been utilized by artists, including Vincent van Gogh.

Color constancy
Main article: Color constancy
When an artist uses a limited color palette, the eye tends to compensate by seeing any gray or neutral color as the color which is missing from the color wheel. For example, in a limited palette consisting of red, yellow, black, and white, a mixture of yellow and black will appear as a variety of green, a mixture of red and black will appear as a variety of purple, and pure gray will appear bluish.[9]

The trichromatic theory is strictly true when the visual system is in a fixed state of adaptation. In reality, the visual system is constantly adapting to changes in the environment and compares the various colors in a scene to reduce the effects of the illumination. If a scene is illuminated with one light, and then with another, as long as the difference between the light sources stays within a reasonable range, the colors in the scene appear relatively constant to us. This was studied by Edwin Land in the 1970s and led to his retinex theory of color constancy.

It should be noted, that both phenomena are readily explained and mathematically modeled with modern theories of chromatic adaptation and color appearance (e.g. CIECAM02, iCAM).[10] There is no need to dismiss the trichromatic theory of vision, but rather it can be enhanced with an understanding of how the visual system adapts to changes in the viewing environment.

Color naming
Main article: Color term
Colors vary in several different ways, including hue (shades of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and violet), saturation, brightness, and gloss. Some color words are derived from the name of an object of that color, such as "orange" or "salmon", while others are abstract, like "red".

In the 1969 study Basic Color Terms: Their Universality and Evolution, Brent Berlin and Paul Kay describe a pattern in naming "basic" colors (like "red" but not "red-orange" or "dark red" or "blood red", which are "shades" of red). All languages that have two "basic" color names distinguish dark/cool colors from bright/warm colors. The next colors to be distinguished are usually red and then yellow or green. All languages with six "basic" colors include black, white, red, green, blue, and yellow. The pattern holds up to a set of twelve: black, gray, white, pink, red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple, brown, and azure (distinct from blue in Russian and Italian, but not English).

Associations
Individual colors have a variety of cultural associations such as national colors (in general described in individual color articles and color symbolism). The field of color psychology attempts to identify the effects of color on human emotion and activity. Chromotherapy is a form of alternative medicine attributed to various Eastern traditions. Colors have different associations in different countries and cultures.[11]

Different colors have been demonstrated to have effects on cognition. For example, researchers at the University of Linz in Austria demonstrated that the color red significantly decreases cognitive functioning in men.[12]

Spectral colors and color reproduction

The CIE 1931 color space chromaticity diagram. The outer curved boundary is the spectral (or monochromatic) locus, with wavelengths shown in nanometers. The colors depicted depend on the color space of the device on which you are viewing the image, and therefore may not be a strictly accurate representation of the color at a particular position, and especially not for monochromatic colors.
Most light sources are mixtures of various wavelengths of light. Many such sources can still effectively produce a spectral color, as the eye cannot distinguish them from single-wavelength sources. For example, most computer displays reproduce the spectral color orange as a combination of red and green light; it appears orange because the red and green are mixed in the right proportions to allow the eye's cones to respond the way they do to the spectral color orange.

A useful concept in understanding the perceived color of a non-monochromatic light source is the dominant wavelength, which identifies the single wavelength of light that produces a sensation most similar to the light source. Dominant wavelength is roughly akin to hue.

There are many color perceptions that by definition cannot be pure spectral colors due to desaturation or because they are purples (mixtures of red and violet light, from opposite ends of the spectrum). Some examples of necessarily non-spectral colors are the achromatic colors (black, gray, and white) and colors such as pink, tan, and magenta.

Two different light spectra that have the same effect on the three color receptors in the human eye will be perceived as the same color. They are metamers of that color. This is exemplified by the white light emitted by fluorescent lamps, which typically has a spectrum of a few narrow bands, while daylight has a continuous spectrum. The human eye cannot tell the difference between such light spectra just by looking into the light source, although reflected colors from objects can look different. (This is often exploited; for example, to make fruit or tomatoes look more intensely red.)

Similarly, most human color perceptions can be generated by a mixture of three colors called primaries. This is used to reproduce color scenes in photography, printing, television, and other media. There are a number of methods or color spaces for specifying a color in terms of three particular primary colors. Each method has its advantages and disadvantages depending on the particular application.

No mixture of colors, however, can produce a response truly identical to that of a spectral color, although one can get close, especially for the longer wavelengths, where the CIE 1931 color space chromaticity diagram has a nearly straight edge. For example, mixing green light (530 nm) and blue light (460 nm) produces cyan light that is slightly desaturated, because response of the red color receptor would be greater to the green and blue light in the mixture than it would be to a pure cyan light at 485 nm that has the same intensity as the mixture of blue and green.

Because of this, and because the primaries in color printing systems generally are not pure themselves, the colors reproduced are never perfectly saturated spectral colors, and so spectral colors cannot be matched exactly. However, natural scenes rarely contain fully saturated colors, thus such scenes can usually be approximated well by these systems. The range of colors that can be reproduced with a given color reproduction system is called the gamut. The CIE chromaticity diagram can be used to describe the gamut.

Another problem with color reproduction systems is connected with the acquisition devices, like cameras or scanners. The characteristics of the color sensors in the devices are often very far from the characteristics of the receptors in the human eye. In effect, acquisition of colors can be relatively poor if they have special, often very "jagged", spectra caused for example by unusual lighting of the photographed scene. A color reproduction system "tuned" to a human with normal color vision may give very inaccurate results for other observers.

The different color response of different devices can be problematic if not properly managed. For color information stored and transferred in digital form, color management techniques, such as those based on ICC profiles, can help to avoid distortions of the reproduced colors. Color management does not circumvent the gamut limitations of particular output devices, but can assist in finding good mapping of input colors into the gamut that can be reproduced.

Additive coloring

Additive color mixing: adding red to green yields yellow; adding all three primary colors together yields white.
Additive color is light created by mixing together light of two or more different colors. Red, green, and blue are the additive primary colors normally used in additive color systems such as projectors and computer terminals.

Subtractive coloring

Subtractive color mixing: adding magenta to yellow yields red; adding all three primary colors together yields black
Subtractive coloring uses dyes, inks, pigments, or filters to absorb some wavelengths of light and not others. The color that a surface displays comes from the parts of the visible spectrum that are not absorbed and therefore remain visible. Without pigments or dye, fabric fibers, paint base and paper are usually made of particles that scatter white light (all colors) well in all directions. When a pigment or ink is added, wavelengths are absorbed or "subtracted" from white light, so light of another color reaches the eye.

If the light is not a pure white source (the case of nearly all forms of artificial lighting), the resulting spectrum will appear a slightly different color. Red paint, viewed under blue light, may appear black. Red paint is red because it scatters only the red components of the spectrum. If red paint is illuminated by blue light, it will be absorbed by the red paint, creating the appearance of a black object.

Structural color
Further information: Structural coloration and Animal coloration
Structural colors are colors caused by interference effects rather than by pigments. Color effects are produced when a material is scored with fine parallel lines, formed of one or more parallel thin layers, or otherwise composed of microstructures on the scale of the color's wavelength. If the microstructures are spaced randomly, light of shorter wavelengths will be scattered preferentially to produce Tyndall effect colors: the blue of the sky (Rayleigh scattering, caused by structures much smaller than the wavelength of light, in this case air molecules), the luster of opals, and the blue of human irises. If the microstructures are aligned in arrays, for example the array of pits in a CD, they behave as a diffraction grating: the grating reflects different wavelengths in different directions due to interference phenomena, separating mixed "white" light into light of different wavelengths. If the structure is one or more thin layers then it will reflect some wavelengths and transmit others, depending on the layers' thickness.

Structural color is studied in the field of thin-film optics. A layman's term that describes particularly the most ordered or the most changeable structural colors is iridescence. Structural color is responsible for the blues and greens of the feathers of many birds (the blue jay, for example), as well as certain butterfly wings and beetle shells. Variations in the pattern's spacing often give rise to an iridescent effect, as seen in peacock feathers, soap bubbles, films of oil, and mother of pearl, because the reflected color depends upon the viewing angle. Numerous scientists have carried out research in butterfly wings and beetle shells, including Isaac Newton and Robert Hooke. Since 1942, electron micrography has been used, advancing the development of products that exploit structural color, such as "photonic" cosmetics.[13]

Mentions of color in social media
According to Pantone, the top three colors in social media for 2012 were red (186 million mentions; accredited to Taylor Swift's Red album, NASA's landing on Mars, and red carpet coverage), blue (125 million mentions; accredited to the United States presidential election, 2012, Mars rover Curiosity finding blue rocks, and blue sports teams), and Green (102 million mentions; accredited to "environmental friendliness", Green Bay Packers, and green eyed girls).[14]

Additional terms
Color wheel: an illustrative organization of color hues in a circle that shows relationships.
Colorfulness, chroma, purity, or saturation: how "intense" or "concentrated" a color is. Technical definitions distinguish between colorfulness, chroma, and saturation as distinct perceptual attributes and include purity as a physical quantity. These terms, and others related to light and color are internationally agreed upon and published in the CIE Lighting Vocabulary.[15] More readily available texts on colorimetry also define and explain these terms.[10][16]
Dichromatism: a phenomenon where the hue is dependent on concentration and/or thickness of the absorbing substance.
Hue: the color's direction from white, for example in a color wheel or chromaticity diagram.
Shade: a color made darker by adding black.
Tint: a color made lighter by adding white.
Value, brightness, lightness, or luminosity: how light or dark a color is.
Color theory
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Colour theory)
This article is about the theory of color; for the musician, see Color Theory (musician)

This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (August 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
In the visual arts, color theory is a body of practical guidance to color mixing and the visual effects of a specific color combination. There are also definitions (or categories) of colors based on the color wheel: primary color, secondary color and tertiary color. Although color theory principles first appeared in the writings of Leone Battista Alberti (c.1435) and the notebooks of Leonardo da Vinci (c.1490), a tradition of "colory theory" began in the 18th century, initially within a partisan controversy around Isaac Newton's theory of color (Opticks, 1704) and the nature of primary colors. From there it developed as an independent artistic tradition with only superficial reference to colorimetry and vision science.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Colour abstractions
2 Historical background
3 Traditional color theory
3.1 Complementary colors
3.2 Warm vs. cool colors
3.3 Achromatic colors
3.4 Tints and shades
3.5 Split primary colors
3.6 Color harmony
4 Current status
5 See also
6 References
7 External links
Colour abstractions[edit]

Additive color mixing

Subtractive color mixing
The foundations of pre-20th-century color theory were built around "pure" or ideal colors, characterized by sensory experiences rather than attributes of the physical world. This has led to a number of inaccuracies in traditional color theory principles that are not always remedied in modern formulations.[citation needed]

The most important problem has been a confusion between the behavior of light mixtures, called additive color, and the behavior of paint, ink, dye, or pigment mixtures, called subtractive color. This problem arises because the absorption of light by material substances follows different rules from the perception of light by the eye.

A second problem has been the failure to describe the very important effects of strong luminance (lightness) contrasts in the appearance of colors reflected from a surface (such as paints or inks) as opposed to colors of light; "colors" such as browns or ochres cannot appear in mixtures of light. Thus, a strong lightness contrast between a mid-valued yellow paint and a surrounding bright white makes the yellow appear to be green or brown, while a strong brightness contrast between a rainbow and the surrounding sky makes the yellow in a rainbow appear to be a fainter yellow, or white.

A third problem has been the tendency to describe color effects holistically or categorically, for example as a contrast between "yellow" and "blue" conceived as generic colors, when most color effects are due to contrasts on three relative attributes that define all colors:

lightness (light vs. dark, or white vs. black),
saturation (intense vs. dull), and
hue (e.g., red, orange, yellow, green, blue or purple).
Thus, the visual impact of "yellow" vs. "blue" hues in visual design depends on the relative lightness and saturation of the hues.

These confusions are partly historical, and arose in scientific uncertainty about color perception that was not resolved until the late 19th century, when the artistic notions were already entrenched. However, they also arise from the attempt to describe the highly contextual and flexible behavior of color perception in terms of abstract color sensations that can be generated equivalently by any visual media.

Many historical "color theorists" have assumed that three "pure" primary colors can mix all possible colors, and that any failure of specific paints or inks to match this ideal performance is due to the impurity or imperfection of the colorants. In reality, only imaginary "primary colors" used in colorimetry can "mix" or quantify all visible (perceptually possible) colors; but to do this, these imaginary primaries are defined as lying outside the range of visible colors; i.e., they cannot be seen. Any three real "primary" colors of light, paint or ink can mix only a limited range of colors, called a gamut, which is always smaller (contains fewer colors) than the full range of colors humans can perceive.[citation needed]

Historical background[edit]
Color theory was originally formulated in terms of three "primary" or "primitive" colors red, yellow and blue (RYB) because these colors were believed capable of mixing all other colors. This color mixing behavior had long been known to printers, dyers and painters, but these trades preferred pure pigments to primary color mixtures, because the mixtures were too dull (unsaturated).


Goethe's color wheel from his 1810 Theory of Colours
The RYB primary colors became the foundation of 18th century theories of color vision, as the fundamental sensory qualities that are blended in the perception of all physical colors and equally in the physical mixture of pigments or dyes. These theories were enhanced by 18th-century investigations of a variety of purely psychological color effects, in particular the contrast between "complementary" or opposing hues that are produced by color afterimages and in the contrasting shadows in colored light. These ideas and many personal color observations were summarized in two founding documents in color theory: the Theory of Colours (1810) by the German poet and government minister Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, and The Law of Simultaneous Color Contrast (1839) by the French industrial chemist Michel Eug ne Chevreul. Charles Hayter published A New Practical Treatise on the Three Primitive Colours Assumed as a Perfect System of Rudimentary Information (London 1826), in which he described how all colours could be obtained from just three.


Page from A New Practical Treatise on the Three Primitive Colours Assumed as a Perfect System of Rudimentary Information by Charles Hayter
Subsequently, German and English scientists established in the late 19th century that color perception is best described in terms of a different set of primary colors red, green and blue violet (RGB) modeled through the additive mixture of three monochromatic lights. Subsequent research anchored these primary colors in the differing responses to light by three types of color receptors or cones in the retina (trichromacy). On this basis the quantitative description of color mixture or colorimetry developed in the early 20th century, along with a series of increasingly sophisticated models of color space and color perception, such as the opponent process theory.

Across the same period, industrial chemistry radically expanded the color range of lightfast synthetic pigments, allowing for substantially improved saturation in color mixtures of dyes, paints and inks. It also created the dyes and chemical processes necessary for color photography. As a result, three-color printing became aesthetically and economically feasible in mass printed media, and the artists' color theory was adapted to primary colors most effective in inks or photographic dyes: cyan, magenta, and yellow (CMY). (In printing, dark colors are supplemented by a black ink, known as the CMYK system; in both printing and photography, white is provided by the color of the paper.) These CMY primary colors were reconciled with the RGB primaries, and subtractive color mixing with additive color mixing, by defining the CMY primaries as substances that absorbed only one of the retinal primary colors: cyan absorbs only red ( R+G+B), magenta only green (+R G+B), and yellow only blue violet (+R+G B). It is important to add that the CMYK, or process, color printing is meant as an economical way of producing a wide range of colors for printing, but is deficient in reproducing certain colors, notably orange and slightly deficient in reproducing purples. A wider range of color can be obtained with the addition of other colors to the printing process, such as in Pantone's Hexachrome printing ink system (six colors), among others.


Munsell's color system represented as a three-dimensional solid showing all three color making attributes: lightness, saturation and hue.
For much of the 19th century artistic color theory either lagged behind scientific understanding or was augmented by science books written for the lay public, in particular Modern Chromatics (1879) by the American physicist Ogden Rood, and early color atlases developed by Albert Munsell (Munsell Book of Color, 1915, see Munsell color system) and Wilhelm Ostwald (Color Atlas, 1919). Major advances were made in the early 20th century by artists teaching or associated with the German Bauhaus, in particular Wassily Kandinsky, Johannes Itten, Faber Birren and Josef Albers, whose writings mix speculation with an empirical or demonstration-based study of color design principles.

Traditional color theory[edit]
Complementary colors[edit]

Chevreul's 1855 "chromatic diagram" based on the RYB color model, showing complementary colors and other relationships
Main article: Complementary color
For the mixing of colored light, Isaac Newton's color wheel is often used to describe complementary colors, which are colors which cancel each other's hue to produce an achromatic (white, gray or black) light mixture. Newton offered as a conjecture that colors exactly opposite one another on the hue circle cancel out each other's hue; this concept was demonstrated more thoroughly in the 19th century.[citation needed]

A key assumption in Newton's hue circle was that the "fiery" or maximum saturated hues are located on the outer circumference of the circle, while achromatic white is at the center. Then the saturation of the mixture of two spectral hues was predicted by the straight line between them; the mixture of three colors was predicted by the "center of gravity" or centroid of three triangle points, and so on.


Primary, secondary, and tertiary colors of the RYB color model
According to traditional color theory based on subtractive primary colors and the RYB color model, which is derived from paint mixtures, yellow mixed with violet, orange mixed with blue, or red mixed with green produces an equivalent gray and are the painter's complementary colors. These contrasts form the basis of Chevreul's law of color contrast: colors that appear together will be altered as if mixed with the complementary color of the other color. Thus, a piece of yellow fabric placed on a blue background will appear tinted orange, because orange is the complementary color to blue.

However, when complementary colors are chosen based on definition by light mixture, they are not the same as the artists' primary colors. This discrepancy becomes important when color theory is applied across media. Digital color management uses a hue circle defined around the additive primary colors (the RGB color model), as the colors in a computer monitor are additive mixtures of light, not subtractive mixtures of paints.

One reason the artist's primary colors work at all is that the imperfect pigments being used have sloped absorption curves, and thus change color with concentration. A pigment that is pure red at high concentrations can behave more like magenta at low concentrations. This allows it to make purples that would otherwise be impossible. Likewise, a blue that is ultramarine at high concentrations appears cyan at low concentrations, allowing it to be used to mix green. Chromium red pigments can appear orange, and then yellow, as the concentration is reduced. It is even possible to mix very low concentrations of the blue mentioned and the chromium red to get a greenish color. This works much better with oil colors than it does with watercolors and dyes.

So the old primaries depend on sloped absorption curves and pigment leakages to work, while newer scientifically derived ones depend solely on controlling the amount of absorption in certain parts of the spectrum.

Another reason the correct primary colors were not used by early artists is that they were not available as durable pigments. Modern methods in chemistry were needed to produce them.

Warm vs. cool colors[edit]
The distinction between 'warm' and 'cool' colors has been important since at least the late 18th century.[1] The contrast, as traced by etymologies in the Oxford English Dictionary, seems related to the observed contrast in landscape light, between the "warm" colors associated with daylight or sunset and the "cool" colors associated with a gray or overcast day. Warm colors are often said to be hues from red through yellow, browns and tans included; cool colors are often said to be the hues from blue green through blue violet, most grays included. There is historical disagreement about the colors that anchor the polarity, but 19th-century sources put the peak contrast between red orange and greenish blue.

Color theory has described perceptual and psychological effects to this contrast. Warm colors are said to advance or appear more active in a painting, while cool colors tend to recede; used in interior design or fashion, warm colors are said to arouse or stimulate the viewer, while cool colors calm and relax. Most of these effects, to the extent they are real, can be attributed to the higher saturation and lighter value of warm pigments in contrast to cool pigments. Thus, brown is a dark, unsaturated warm color that few people think of as visually active or psychologically arousing.

Contrast the traditional warm cool association of color with the color temperature of a theoretical radiating black body, where the association of color with temperature is reversed. For instance, the hottest stars radiate blue light (i.e., with shorter wavelength and higher frequency) and the coolest radiate red.


The hottest radiating bodies (e.g. stars) have a "cool" color while the less hot bodies radiate with a "warm" color. (Image in mired scale.)
Achromatic colors[edit]
Any color that lacks strong chromatic content is said to be unsaturated, achromatic, near neutral, or neutral. Near neutrals include browns, tans, pastels and darker colors. Near neutrals can be of any hue or lightness. Pure achromatic, or neutral colors include black, white and all grays.

Near neutrals are obtained by mixing pure colors with white, black or grey, or by mixing two complementary colors. In color theory, neutral colors are easily modified by adjacent more saturated colors and they appear to take on the hue complementary to the saturated color; e.g.: next to a bright red couch, a gray wall will appear distinctly greenish.

Black and white have long been known to combine well with almost any other colors; black decreases the apparent saturation or brightness of colors paired with it, and white shows off all hues to equal effect.[citation needed]

Tints and shades[edit]
Main article: Tints and shades
When mixing colored light (additive color models), the achromatic mixture of spectrally balanced red, green and blue (RGB) is always white, not gray or black. When we mix colorants, such as the pigments in paint mixtures, a color is produced which is always darker and lower in chroma, or saturation, than the parent colors. This moves the mixed color toward a neutral color a gray or near-black. Lights are made brighter or dimmer by adjusting their brightness, or energy level; in painting, lightness is adjusted through mixture with white, black or a color's complement.

It is common among some painters to darken a paint color by adding black paint producing colors called shades or lighten a color by adding white producing colors called tints. However it is not always the best way for representational painting, as an unfortunate result is for colors to also shift in hue. For instance, darkening a color by adding black can cause colors such as yellows, reds and oranges, to shift toward the greenish or bluish part of the spectrum. Lightening a color by adding white can cause a shift towards blue when mixed with reds and oranges. Another practice when darkening a color is to use its opposite, or complementary, color (e.g. purplish-red added to yellowish-green) in order to neutralize it without a shift in hue, and darken it if the additive color is darker than the parent color. When lightening a color this hue shift can be corrected with the addition of a small amount of an adjacent color to bring the hue of the mixture back in line with the parent color (e.g. adding a small amount of orange to a mixture of red and white will correct the tendency of this mixture to shift slightly towards the blue end of the spectrum).

Split primary colors[edit]
In painting and other visual arts, two-dimensional color wheels or three-dimensional color solids are used as tools to teach beginners the essential relationships between colors. The organization of colors in a particular color model depends on the purpose of that model: some models show relationships based on human color perception, whereas others are based on the color mixing properties of a particular medium such as a computer display or set of paints.

This system is still popular among contemporary painters,[citation needed] as it is basically a simplified version of Newton's geometrical rule that colors closer together on the hue circle will produce more vibrant mixtures. However, with the range of contemporary paints available, many artists simply add more paints to their palette as desired for a variety of practical reasons. For example, they may add a scarlet, purple and/or green paint to expand the mixable gamut; and they include one or more dark colors (especially "earth" colors such as yellow ochre or burnt sienna) simply because they are convenient to have premixed.[citation needed] Printers commonly augment a CMYK palette with spot (trademark specific) ink colors.

Color harmony[edit]
It has been suggested that "Colors seen together to produce a pleasing affective response are said to be in harmony".[2] However, color harmony is a complex notion because human responses to color are both affective and cognitive, involving emotional response and judgement. Hence, our responses to color and the notion of color harmony is open to the influence of a range of different factors. These factors include individual differences (such as age, gender, personal preference, affective state, etc.) as well as cultural, sub-cultural and socially-based differences which gives rise to conditioning and learned responses about color. In addition, context always has an influence on responses about color and the notion of color harmony, and this concept is also influenced by temporal factors (such as changing trends) and perceptual factors (such as simultaneous contrast) which may impinge on human response to color. The following conceptual model illustrates this 21st century approach to color harmony:

\text{Color harmony} = f(\text{Col} 1, 2, 3, \dots, n) \cdot (ID + CE + CX + P + T)

Wherein color harmony is a function (f) of the interaction between color/s (Col 1, 2, 3,  , n) and the factors that influence positive aesthetic response to color: individual differences (ID) such as age, gender, personality and affective state; cultural experiences (CE), the prevailing context (CX) which includes setting and ambient lighting; intervening perceptual effects (P) and the effects of time (T) in terms of prevailing social trends.[3]

In addition, given that humans can perceive over 2.8 million different hues,[4] it has been suggested that the number of possible color combinations is virtually infinite thereby implying that predictive color harmony formulae are fundamentally unsound.[5] Despite this, many color theorists have devised formulae, principles or guidelines for color combination with the aim being to predict or specify positive aesthetic response or "color harmony". Color wheel models have often been used as a basis for color combination principles or guidelines and for defining relationships between colors. Some theorists and artists believe juxtapositions of complementary color will produce strong contrast, a sense of visual tension as well as "color harmony"; while others believe juxtapositions of analogous colors will elicit positive aesthetic response. Color combination guidelines suggest that colors next to each other on the color wheel model (analogous colors) tend to produce a single-hued or monochromatic color experience and some theorists also refer to these as "simple harmonies". In addition, split complementary color schemes usually depict a modified complementary pair, with instead of the "true" second color being chosen, a range of analogous hues around it are chosen, i.e. the split complements of red are blue-green and yellow-green. A triadic color scheme adopts any three colors approximately equidistant around a color wheel model. Feisner and Mahnke are among a number of authors who provide color combination guidelines in greater detail.[6][7]

Color combination formulae and principles may provide some guidance but have limited practical application. This is because of the influence of contextual, perceptual and temporal factors which will influence how color/s are perceived in any given situation, setting or context. Such formulae and principles may be useful in fashion, interior and graphic design, but much depends on the tastes, lifestyle and cultural norms of the viewer or consumer.

As early as the ancient Greek philosophers, many theorists have devised color associations and linked particular connotative meanings to specific colors. However, connotative color associations and color symbolism tends to be culture-bound and may also vary across different contexts and circumstances. For example, red has many different connotative and symbolic meanings from exciting, arousing, sensual, romantic and feminine; to a symbol of good luck; and also acts as a signal of danger. Such color associations tend to be learned and do not necessarily hold irrespective of individual and cultural differences or contextual, temporal or perceptual factors.[8] It is important to note that while color symbolism and color associations exist, their existence does not provide evidential support for color psychology or claims that color has therapeutic properties.[9]

Current status[edit]
Color theory has not developed an explicit explanation of how specific media affect color appearance: colors have always been defined in the abstract, and whether the colors were inks or paints, oils or watercolors, transparencies or reflecting prints, computer displays or movie theaters, was not considered especially relevant.[10] Josef Albers investigated the effects of relative contrast and color saturation on the illusion of transparency, but this is an exception to the rule.[11]

See also[edit]
Additive color
Charles Albert Keeley
Color Field
Color mixing
Color psychology
Color scheme
Color wheel
Complementary colors
HSV color space
On Vision and Colors
Subtractive color
Theory of painting
Culture
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
This article is about culture as used in the social sciences and humanities. For uses in the natural sciences, see cell culture and tissue culture. For other uses, see Culture (disambiguation).

Human symbolic expression developed as prehistoric humans reached behavioral modernity

Religion and expressive art are important aspects of human culture.

Celebrations, rituals, and patterns of consumption are important aspects of folk culture.

Social and political organization varies between different cultures.

Technologies, such as writing, permit a high degree of cultural complexity.
Culture (/ k lt  r/) is, in the words of E.B. Tylor, "that complex whole which includes knowledge, belief, art, morals, law, custom and any other capabilities and habits acquired by man as a member of society."[1] Alternatively, in a contemporary variant, 'Culture is defined as a social domain that emphasizes the practices, discourses, and material expressions, which, over time, express the continuities and discontinuities of social meaning of a life held in common.'[2]
Cambridge English Dictionary states that culture is, "the way of life, especially the general customs and beliefs, of a particular group of people at a particular time."[3] Terror Management Theory posits that culture is a series of activities and worldviews that provide humans with the illusion of being individuals of value in a world meaning raising themselves above the merely physical aspects of existence, in order to deny the animal insignificance and death that Homo Sapiens became aware of when they acquired a larger brain.[4]
As a defining aspect of what it means to be human, culture is a central concept in anthropology, encompassing the range of phenomena that are transmitted through social learning in human societies. The word is used in a general sense as the evolved ability to categorize and represent experiences with symbols and to act imaginatively and creatively. This ability arose with the evolution of behavioral modernity in humans around 50,000 years ago.[citation needed] This capacity is often thought to be unique to humans, although some other species have demonstrated similar, though much less complex abilities for social learning. It is also used to denote the complex networks of practices and accumulated knowledge and ideas that is transmitted through social interaction and exist in specific human groups, or cultures, using the plural form. Some aspects of human behavior, such as language, social practices such as kinship, gender and marriage, expressive forms such as art, music, dance, ritual, religion, and technologies such as cooking, shelter, clothing are said to be cultural universals, found in all human societies. The concept material culture covers the physical expressions of culture, such as technology, architecture and art, whereas the immaterial aspects of culture such as principles of social organization (including, practices of political organization and social institutions), mythology, philosophy, literature (both written and oral), and science make up the intangible cultural heritage of a society.[5]
In the humanities, one sense of culture, as an attribute of the individual, has been the degree to which they have cultivated a particular level of sophistication, in the arts, sciences, education, or manners. The level of cultural sophistication has also sometimes been seen to distinguish civilizations from less complex societies. Such hierarchical perspectives on culture are also found in class-based distinctions between a high culture of the social elite and a low culture, popular culture or folk culture of the lower classes, distinguished by the stratified access to cultural capital. In common parlance, culture is often used to refer specifically to the symbolic markers used by ethnic groups to distinguish themselves visibly from each other such as body modification, clothing or jewelry.[dubious   discuss] Mass culture refers to the mass-produced and mass mediated forms of consumer culture that emerged in the 20th century. Some schools of philosophy, such as Marxism and critical theory, have argued that culture is often used politically as a tool of the elites to manipulate the lower classes and create a false consciousness, such perspectives common in the discipline of cultural studies. In the wider social sciences, the theoretical perspective of cultural materialism holds that human symbolic culture arises from the material conditions of human life, as humans create the conditions for physical survival, and that the basis of culture is found in evolved biological dispositions.
When used as a count noun, "a culture" is the set of customs, traditions and values of a society or community, such as an ethnic group or nation. In this sense, multiculturalism is a concept that values the peaceful coexistence and mutual respect between different cultures inhabiting the same territory. Sometimes "culture" is also used to describe specific practices within a subgroup of a society, a subculture (e.g. "bro culture"), or a counter culture. Within cultural anthropology, the ideology and analytical stance of cultural relativism holds that cultures cannot easily be objectively ranked or evaluated because any evaluation is necessarily situated within the value system of a given culture.
Contents  [hide] 
1 Etymology
2 Change
3 Early modern discourses
3.1 German Romanticism
3.2 English Romanticism
4 Anthropology
5 Sociology
5.1 Early researchers and development of cultural sociology
6 Cultural studies
7 Cultural dynamics
8 See also
9 Notes
10  Additional sources
11  External links
Etymology[edit]
The modern term "culture" is based on a term used by the Ancient Roman orator Cicero in his Tusculanae Disputationes, where he wrote of a cultivation of the soul or "cultura animi",[6] using an agricultural metaphor for the development of a philosophical soul, understood teleologically as the highest possible ideal for human development. Samuel Pufendorf took over this metaphor in a modern context, meaning something similar, but no longer assuming that philosophy was man's natural perfection. His use, and that of many writers after him "refers to all the ways in which human beings overcome their original barbarism, and through artifice, become fully human".[7]
Philosopher Edward S. Casey (1996) describes: "The very word culture meant "place tilled" in Middle English, and the same word goes back to Latin colere, "to inhabit, care for, till, worship" and cultus, "A cult, especially a religious one." To be cultural, to have a culture, is to inhabit a place sufficiently intensive to cultivate it   to be responsible for it, to respond to it, to attend to it caringly."[8]
Culture described by Velkley:[7]
... originally meant the cultivation of the soul or mind, acquires most of its later modern meaning in the writings of the 18th-century German thinkers, who were on various levels developing Rousseau's criticism of "modern liberalism and Enlightenment". Thus a contrast between "culture" and "civilization" is usually implied in these authors, even when not expressed as such.
Change[edit]

A 19th-century engraving showing Australian natives opposing the arrival of Captain James Cook in 1770

An Assyrian child wearing traditional clothing.
Cultural invention has come to mean any innovation that is new and found to be useful to a group of people and expressed in their behavior but which does not exist as a physical object. Humanity is in a global "accelerating culture change period", driven by the expansion of international commerce, the mass media, and above all, the human population explosion, among other factors. Culture repositioning means the reconstruction of the cultural concept of a society.[9]

Full-length profile portrait of Turkman woman, standing on a carpet at the entrance to a yurt, dressed in traditional clothing and jewelry
Cultures are internally affected by both forces encouraging change and forces resisting change. These forces are related to both social structures and natural events, and are involved in the perpetuation of cultural ideas and practices within current structures, which themselves are subject to change.[10] (See structuration.)
Social conflict and the development of technologies can produce changes within a society by altering social dynamics and promoting new cultural models, and spurring or enabling generative action. These social shifts may accompany ideological shifts and other types of cultural change. For example, the U.S. feminist movement involved new practices that produced a shift in gender relations, altering both gender and economic structures. Environmental conditions may also enter as factors. For example, after tropical forests returned at the end of the last ice age, plants suitable for domestication were available, leading to the invention of agriculture, which in turn brought about many cultural innovations and shifts in social dynamics.[11]
Cultures are externally affected via contact between societies, which may also produce or inhibit social shifts and changes in cultural practices. War or competition over resources may impact technological development or social dynamics. Additionally, cultural ideas may transfer from one society to another, through diffusion or acculturation. In diffusion, the form of something (though not necessarily its meaning) moves from one culture to another. For example, hamburgers, fast food in the United States, seemed exotic when introduced into China. "Stimulus diffusion" (the sharing of ideas) refers to an element of one culture leading to an invention or propagation in another. "Direct Borrowing" on the other hand tends to refer to technological or tangible diffusion from one culture to another. Diffusion of innovations theory presents a research-based model of why and when individuals and cultures adopt new ideas, practices, and products.
Acculturation has different meanings, but in this context it refers to replacement of the traits of one culture with those of another, such as what happened to certain Native American tribes and to many indigenous peoples across the globe during the process of colonization. Related processes on an individual level include assimilation (adoption of a different culture by an individual) and transculturation. The transnational flow of culture has played a major role in merging different culture and sharing thoughts, ideas and belief.
Early modern discourses[edit]
German Romanticism[edit]

Johann Herder called attention to national cultures.
Immanuel Kant (1724 1804) has formulated an individualist definition of "enlightenment" similar to the concept of bildung: "Enlightenment is man's emergence from his self-incurred immaturity."[12] He argued that this immaturity comes not from a lack of understanding, but from a lack of courage to think independently. Against this intellectual cowardice, Kant urged: Sapere aude, "Dare to be wise!" In reaction to Kant, German scholars such as Johann Gottfried Herder (1744 1803) argued that human creativity, which necessarily takes unpredictable and highly diverse forms, is as important as human rationality. Moreover, Herder proposed a collective form of bildung: "For Herder, Bildung was the totality of experiences that provide a coherent identity, and sense of common destiny, to a people."[13]

Adolf Bastian developed a universal model of culture.
In 1795, the Prussian linguist and philosopher Wilhelm von Humboldt (1767 1835) called for an anthropology that would synthesize Kant's and Herder's interests. During the Romantic era, scholars in Germany, especially those concerned with nationalist movements such as the nationalist struggle to create a "Germany" out of diverse principalities, and the nationalist struggles by ethnic minorities against the Austro-Hungarian Empire developed a more inclusive notion of culture as "worldview" (Weltanschauung). According to this school of thought, each ethnic group has a distinct worldview that is incommensurable with the worldviews of other groups. Although more inclusive than earlier views, this approach to culture still allowed for distinctions between "civilized" and "primitive" or "tribal" cultures.
In 1860, Adolf Bastian (1826 1905) argued for "the psychic unity of mankind". He proposed that a scientific comparison of all human societies would reveal that distinct worldviews consisted of the same basic elements. According to Bastian, all human societies share a set of "elementary ideas" (Elementargedanken); different cultures, or different "folk ideas" (V lkergedanken), are local modifications of the elementary ideas.[14] This view paved the way for the modern understanding of culture. Franz Boas (1858 1942) was trained in this tradition, and he brought it with him when he left Germany for the United States.
English Romanticism[edit]

British poet and critic Matthew Arnold viewed "culture" as the cultivation of the humanist ideal.
In the 19th century, humanists such as English poet and essayist Matthew Arnold (1822 1888) used the word "culture" to refer to an ideal of individual human refinement, of "the best that has been thought and said in the world."[15] This concept of culture is comparable to the German concept of bildung: "...culture being a pursuit of our total perfection by means of getting to know, on all the matters which most concern us, the best which has been thought and said in the world."[15]
In practice, culture referred to an  lite ideal and was associated with such activities as art, classical music, and haute cuisine.[16] As these forms were associated with urban life, "culture" was identified with "civilization" (from lat. civitas, city). Another facet of the Romantic movement was an interest in folklore, which led to identifying a "culture" among non-elites. This distinction is often characterized as that between high culture, namely that of the ruling social group, and low culture. In other words, the idea of "culture" that developed in Europe during the 18th and early 19th centuries reflected inequalities within European societies.[17]

British anthropologist Edward Tylor was one of the first English-speaking scholars to use the term culture in an inclusive and universal sense.
Matthew Arnold contrasted "culture" with anarchy; other Europeans, following philosophers Thomas Hobbes and Jean-Jacques Rousseau, contrasted "culture" with "the state of nature". According to Hobbes and Rousseau, the Native Americans who were being conquered by Europeans from the 16th centuries on were living in a state of nature; this opposition was expressed through the contrast between "civilized" and "uncivilized." According to this way of thinking, one could classify some countries and nations as more civilized than others and some people as more cultured than others. This contrast led to Herbert Spencer's theory of Social Darwinism and Lewis Henry Morgan's theory of cultural evolution. Just as some critics have argued that the distinction between high and low cultures is really an expression of the conflict between European elites and non-elites, some critics have argued that the distinction between civilized and uncivilized people is really an expression of the conflict between European colonial powers and their colonial subjects.
Other 19th-century critics, following Rousseau have accepted this differentiation between higher and lower culture, but have seen the refinement and sophistication of high culture as corrupting and unnatural developments that obscure and distort people's essential nature. These critics considered folk music (as produced by "the folk", i.e., rural, illiterate, peasants) to honestly express a natural way of life, while classical music seemed superficial and decadent. Equally, this view often portrayed indigenous peoples as "noble savages" living authentic and unblemished lives, uncomplicated and uncorrupted by the highly stratified capitalist systems of the West.
In 1870 the anthropologist Edward Tylor (1832 1917) applied these ideas of higher versus lower culture to propose a theory of the evolution of religion. According to this theory, religion evolves from more polytheistic to more monotheistic forms.[18] In the process, he redefined culture as a diverse set of activities characteristic of all human societies. This view paved the way for the modern understanding of culture.
Anthropology[edit]

Petroglyphs in modern-day Gobustan, Azerbaijan, dating back to 10 000 BCE and indicating a thriving culture
Anthropology
Outline History
Types[show]
Archaeological[show]
Biological[show]
Social Cultural
[show]
Linguistic[show]
Research framework[show]
Key concepts[hide]
Culture Development Ethnicity Evolution (sociocultural) Gender Kinship and descent Meme Prehistory
Race Society Value
Colonialism / Postcolonialism
Key theories[show]
Lists[show]
Portal icon Anthropology portal
v t e
Main article: American anthropology
Although anthropologists worldwide refer to Tylor's definition of culture, in the 20th century "culture" emerged as the central and unifying concept of American anthropology, where it most commonly refers to the universal human capacity to classify and encode human experiences symbolically, and to communicate symbolically encoded experiences socially.[citation needed] American anthropology is organized into four fields, each of which plays an important role in research on culture: biological anthropology, linguistic anthropology, cultural anthropology, and archaeology.
Sociology[edit]
Main article: Sociology of culture
The sociology of culture concerns culture usually understood as the ensemble of symbolic codes used by a society as manifested in society. For Georg Simmel (1858 1918), culture referred to "the cultivation of individuals through the agency of external forms which have been objectified in the course of history".[19] Culture in the sociological field can be defined as the ways of thinking, the ways of acting, and the material objects that together shape a people's way of life. Culture can be any of two types, non-material culture or material culture.[20] Non-material culture refers to the non physical ideas that individuals have about their culture, including values, belief system, rules, norms, morals, language, organizations, and institutions. While Material culture is the physical evidence of a culture in the objects and architecture they make, or have made. The term tends to be relevant only in archeological and anthropological studies, but it specifically means all material evidence which can be attributed to culture past or present.
Cultural sociology first emerged in Weimar Germany (1918 1933), where sociologists such as Alfred Weber used the term Kultursoziologie (cultural sociology). Cultural sociology was then "reinvented" in the English-speaking world as a product of the "cultural turn" of the 1960s, which ushered in structuralist and postmodern approaches to social science. This type of cultural sociology may loosely be regarded as an approach incorporating cultural analysis and critical theory. Cultural sociologists tend to reject scientific methods,[citation needed] instead hermeneutically focusing on words, artifacts and symbols. "Culture" has since become an important concept across many branches of sociology, including resolutely scientific fields like social stratification and social network analysis. As a result, there has been a recent influx of quantitative sociologists to the field. Thus there is now a growing group of sociologists of culture who are, confusingly, not cultural sociologists. These scholars reject the abstracted postmodern aspects of cultural sociology, and instead look for a theoretical backing in the more scientific vein of social psychology and cognitive science. "Cultural sociology" is one of the largest sections of the American Sociological Association. The British establishment of cultural studies means the latter is often taught as a loosely distinct discipline in the UK.
Early researchers and development of cultural sociology[edit]
The sociology of culture grew from the intersection between sociology (as shaped by early theorists like Marx, Durkheim, and Weber) with the growing discipline of anthropology, where in researchers pioneered ethnographic strategies for describing and analyzing a variety of cultures around the world. Part of the legacy of the early development of the field lingers in the methods (much of cultural sociological research is qualitative), in the theories (a variety of critical approaches to sociology are central to current research communities), and in the substantive focus of the field. For instance, relationships between popular culture, political control, and social class were early and lasting concerns in the field.
Cultural studies[edit]
In the United Kingdom, sociologists and other scholars influenced by Marxism, such as Stuart Hall (1932 2014) and Raymond Williams (1921 1988), developed cultural studies. Following nineteenth-century Romantics, they identified "culture" with consumption goods and leisure activities (such as art, music, film, food, sports, and clothing). Nevertheless, they saw patterns of consumption and leisure as determined by relations of production, which led them to focus on class relations and the organization of production.[21][22]
In the United States, "Cultural Studies" focuses largely on the study of popular culture, that is, on the social meanings of mass-produced consumer and leisure goods. Richard Hoggart coined the term in 1964 when he founded the Birmingham Centre for Contemporary Cultural Studies or CCCS. It has since become strongly associated with Stuart Hall, who succeeded Hoggart as Director. Cultural studies in this sense, then, can be viewed as a limited concentration scoped on the intricacies of consumerism, which belongs to a wider culture sometimes referred to as "Western Civilization" or as "Globalism."
From the 1970s onward, Stuart Hall's pioneering work, along with that of his colleagues Paul Willis, Dick Hebdige, Tony Jefferson, and Angela McRobbie, created an international intellectual movement. As the field developed it began to combine political economy, communication, sociology, social theory, literary theory, media theory, film/video studies, cultural anthropology, philosophy, museum studies and art history to study cultural phenomena or cultural texts. In this field researchers often concentrate on how particular phenomena relate to matters of ideology, nationality, ethnicity, social class, and/or gender.[citation needed] Cultural studies has a concern with the meaning and practices of everyday life. These practices comprise the ways people do particular things (such as watching television, or eating out) in a given culture. This field studies the meanings and uses people attribute to various objects and practices. Specifically, culture involves those meanings and practices held independently of reason. Watching television in order to view a public perspective on a historical event should not be thought of as culture, unless referring to the medium of television itself, which may have been selected culturally; however, schoolchildren watching television after school with their friends in order to "fit in" certainly qualifies, since there is no grounded reason for one's participation in this practice. Recently, as capitalism has spread throughout the world (a process called globalization), cultural studies has begun[when ] to analyze local and global forms of resistance to Western hegemony.[citation needed] Globalization in this context can be defined as western civilization in other ways, it undermines the cultural integrity of other culture and it is therefore repressive, exploitative and harmful to most people in different places.
In the context of cultural studies, the idea of a text includes not only written language, but also films, photographs, fashion or hairstyles: the texts of cultural studies comprise all the meaningful artifacts of culture.[citation needed] Similarly, the discipline widens the concept of "culture". "Culture" for a cultural-studies researcher not only includes traditional high culture (the culture of ruling social groups)[23] and popular culture, but also everyday meanings and practices. The last two, in fact, have become the main focus of cultural studies. A further and recent approach is comparative cultural studies, based on the disciplines of comparative literature and cultural studies.[citation needed]
Scholars in the United Kingdom and the United States developed somewhat different versions of cultural studies after the late 1970s. The British version of cultural studies had originated in the 1950s and 1960s, mainly under the influence first of Richard Hoggart, E. P. Thompson, and Raymond Williams, and later that of Stuart Hall and others at the Centre for Contemporary Cultural Studies at the University of Birmingham. This included overtly political, left-wing views, and criticisms of popular culture as "capitalist" mass culture; it absorbed some of the ideas of the Frankfurt School critique of the "culture industry" (i.e. mass culture). This emerges in the writings of early British cultural-studies scholars and their influences: see the work of (for example) Raymond Williams, Stuart Hall, Paul Willis, and Paul Gilroy.
In the United States, Lindlof and Taylor write, "Cultural studies [were] grounded in a pragmatic, liberal-pluralist tradition".[24] The American version of cultural studies initially concerned itself more with understanding the subjective and appropriative side of audience reactions to, and uses of, mass culture; for example, American cultural-studies advocates wrote about the liberatory aspects of fandom.[citation needed] The distinction between American and British strands, however, has faded.[citation needed] Some researchers, especially in early British cultural studies, apply a Marxist model to the field. This strain of thinking has some influence from the Frankfurt School, but especially from the structuralist Marxism of Louis Althusser and others. The main focus of an orthodox Marxist approach concentrates on the production of meaning. This model assumes a mass production of culture and identifies power as residing with those producing cultural artifacts. In a Marxist view, those who control the means of production (the economic base) essentially control a culture.[citation needed] Other approaches to cultural studies, such as feminist cultural studies and later American developments of the field, distance themselves from this view. They criticize the Marxist assumption of a single, dominant meaning, shared by all, for any cultural product. The non-Marxist approaches suggest that different ways of consuming cultural artifacts affect the meaning of the product. This view comes through in the book Doing Cultural Studies: The Story of the Sony Walkman (by Paul du Gay et al.),[25] which seeks to challenge the notion that those who produce commodities control the meanings that people attribute to them. Feminist cultural analyst, theorist and art historian Griselda Pollock contributed to cultural studies from viewpoints of art history and psychoanalysis. The writer Julia Kristeva is among influential voices at the turn of the century, contributing to cultural studies from the field of art and psychoanalytical French feminism.[citation needed]
Petrakis and Kostis (2013) divide cultural background variables into two main groups:[26]
The first group covers the variables that represent the "efficiency orientation" of the societies: performance orientation, future orientation, assertiveness, power distance and uncertainty avoidance.
The second covers the variables that represent the "social orientation" of societies, i.e., the attitudes and lifestyles of their members. These variables include gender egalitarianism, institutional collectivism, in-group collectivism and human orientation.

This article's remainder may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. The specific problem is: <sentence fragments> Please help improve this article's remainder if you can. (January 2016)
Cultural dynamics[edit]

The Beatles exemplified changing cultural dynamics, not only in music, but fashion and lifestyle. Over a half century after their emergence they continue to have a worldwide cultural impact.
Raimon Panikkar pointed out 29 ways in which cultural change can be brought about. Some of these are: growth, development, evolution, involution, renovation, reconception, reform, innovation, revivalism, revolution, mutation, progress, diffusion, osmosis, borrowing, eclecticism, syncretism, modernization, indigenization, and transformation.[27] Hence Modernization could be similar or related to the enlightenment but a 'looser' term set to ideal and values that flourish. a belief in objectivity progress. Also seen as a belief in a secular society (free from religious influences) example objective and rational, science vs religion and finally been modern means not being religious.
Sound
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
This article is about audible acoustic waves. For other uses, see Sound (disambiguation).

A drum produces sound via a vibrating membrane.
In physics, sound is a vibration that propagates as a typically audible mechanical wave of pressure and displacement, through a medium such as air or water. In physiology and psychology, sound is the reception of such waves and their perception by the brain.[1]
Contents  [hide] 
1 Acoustics
2 Definition
3 Physics of sound
3.1 Longitudinal and transverse waves
3.2 Sound wave properties and characteristics
3.3 Speed of sound
4 Perception of sound
4.1 Elements of sound perception
4.1.1 Pitch
4.1.2 Duration
4.1.3 Loudness
4.1.4 Timbre
4.1.5 Sonic Texture
4.1.6 Spatial location
4.2 Noise
4.3 Soundscape
5 Sound pressure level
6 See also
7 References
8 External links
Acoustics[edit]
Acoustics is the interdisciplinary science that deals with the study of mechanical waves in gases, liquids, and solids including vibration, sound, ultrasound, and infrasound. A scientist who works in the field of acoustics is an acoustician, while someone working in the field of acoustical engineering may be called an acoustical engineer.[2] An audio engineer, on the other hand is concerned with the recording, manipulation, mixing, and reproduction of sound.
Applications of acoustics are found in almost all aspects of modern society, subdisciplines include aeroacoustics, audio signal processing, architectural acoustics, bioacoustics, electro-acoustics, environmental noise, musical acoustics, noise control, psychoacoustics, speech, ultrasound, underwater acoustics, and vibration.[3]
Definition[edit]
Sound is defined by ANSI/ASA S1.1-2013 as "(a) Oscillation in pressure, stress, particle displacement, particle velocity, etc., propagated in a medium with internal forces (e.g., elastic or viscous), or the superposition of such propagated oscillation. (b) Auditory sensation evoked by the oscillation described in (a)."
Physics of sound[edit]
Sound can propagate through a medium such as air, water and solids as longitudinal waves and also as a transverse wave in solids (see Longitudinal and transverse waves, below). The sound waves are generated by a sound source, such as the vibrating diaphragm of a stereo speaker. The sound source creates vibrations in the surrounding medium. As the source continues to vibrate the medium, the vibrations propagate away from the source at the speed of sound, thus forming the sound wave. At a fixed distance from the source, the pressure, velocity, and displacement of the medium vary in time. At an instant in time, the pressure, velocity, and displacement vary in space. Note that the particles of the medium do not travel with the sound wave. This is intuitively obvious for a solid, and the same is true for liquids and gases (that is, the vibrations of particles in the gas or liquid transport the vibrations, while the average position of the particles over time does not change). During propagation, waves can be reflected, refracted, or attenuated by the medium.[4]
The behavior of sound propagation is generally affected by three things:
A complex relationship between the density and pressure of the medium. This relationship, affected by temperature, determines the speed of sound within the medium.
Motion of the medium itself. If the medium is moving, this movement may increase or decrease the absolute speed of the sound wave depending on the direction of the movement. For example, sound moving through wind will have its speed of propagation increased by the speed of the wind if the sound and wind are moving in the same direction. If the sound and wind are moving in opposite directions, the speed of the sound wave will be decreased by the speed of the wind.
The viscosity of the medium. Medium viscosity determines the rate at which sound is attenuated. For many media, such as air or water, attenuation due to viscosity is negligible.
When sound is moving through a medium that does not have constant physical properties, it may be refracted (either dispersed or focused).[4]

Spherical compression (longitudinal) waves
The mechanical vibrations that can be interpreted as sound are able to travel through all forms of matter: gases, liquids, solids, and plasmas. The matter that supports the sound is called the medium. Sound cannot travel through a vacuum.
Longitudinal and transverse waves[edit]
Sound is transmitted through gases, plasma, and liquids as longitudinal waves, also called compression waves. It requires a medium to propagate. Through solids, however, it can be transmitted as both longitudinal waves and transverse waves. Longitudinal sound waves are waves of alternating pressure deviations from the equilibrium pressure, causing local regions of compression and rarefaction, while transverse waves (in solids) are waves of alternating shear stress at right angle to the direction of propagation.
Sound waves may be "viewed" using parabolic mirrors and objects that produce sound.[5]
The energy carried by an oscillating sound wave converts back and forth between the potential energy of the extra compression (in case of longitudinal waves) or lateral displacement strain (in case of transverse waves) of the matter, and the kinetic energy of the displacement velocity of particles of the medium.
Sound wave properties and characteristics[edit]

Figure 1. the two fundamental elements of sound; Pressure and Time.

Figure 2. Sinusoidal waves of various frequencies; the bottom waves have higher frequencies than those above. The horizontal axis represents time.
Although there are many complexities relating to the transmission of sounds, at the point of reception (i.e. the ears), sound is readily dividable into two simple elements: pressure and time. These fundamental elements form the basis of all sound waves. They can be used to describe, in absolute terms, every sound we hear. Figure 1 shows a 'pressure over time' graph of a 20 ms recording of a clarinet tone).
However, in order to understand the sound more fully, a complex wave such as this is usually separated into its component parts, which are a combination of various sound wave frequencies (and noise).[6][7][8] Figure 2 shows an example of a series of component sound waves such as might be seen if the clarinet sound wave (see above) was broken down into its component sine waves, but with the lower frequency components removed (the frequency ratios shown in figure 2 are too close together to be low frequency components of a sound).
Sound waves are often simplified to a description in terms of sinusoidal plane waves, which are characterized by these generic properties:
Frequency, or its inverse, the Wavelength
Amplitude
Sound pressure / Intensity
Speed of sound
Direction
Sound that is perceptible by humans has frequencies from about 20 Hz to 20,000 Hz. In air at standard temperature and pressure, the corresponding wavelengths of sound waves range from 17 m to 17 mm. Sometimes speed and direction are combined as a velocity vector; wave number and direction are combined as a wave vector.
Transverse waves, also known as shear waves, have the additional property, polarization, and are not a characteristic of sound waves.
Speed of sound[edit]

U.S. Navy F/A-18 approaching the sound barrier. The white halo is formed by condensed water droplets thought to result from a drop in air pressure around the aircraft (see Prandtl-Glauert Singularity).[9]
The speed of sound depends on the medium that the waves pass through, and is a fundamental property of the material. The first significant effort towards the measure of the speed of sound was made by Newton. He believed that the speed of sound in a particular substance was equal to the square root of the pressure acting on it (STP) divided by its density.

c = \sqrt{ {p \over \rho}}\,
This was later proven wrong when found to incorrectly derive the speed. French mathematician Laplace corrected the formula by deducing that the phenomenon of sound travelling is not isothermal, as believed by Newton, but adiabatic. He added another factor to the equation-gamma-and multiplied 
\sqrt{\gamma}\,
 to \sqrt{ {p \over \rho}}\,, thus coming up with the equation 
c = \sqrt{\gamma \cdot {p \over \rho}}\,
 . Since 
K = \gamma \cdot p\,
 the final equation came up to be 
c = \sqrt{\frac{K}{\rho}}\,
 which is also known as the Newton-Laplace equation. In this equation, K = elastic bulk modulus, c = velocity of sound, and  {\rho}\, = density. Thus, the speed of sound is proportional to the square root of the ratio of the bulk modulus of the medium to its density.
Those physical properties and the speed of sound change with ambient conditions. For example, the speed of sound in gases depends on temperature. In 20  C (68  F) air at sea level, the speed of sound is approximately 343 m/s (1,230 km/h; 767 mph) using the formula "v = (331 + 0.6 T) m/s". In fresh water, also at 20  C, the speed of sound is approximately 1,482 m/s (5,335 km/h; 3,315 mph). In steel, the speed of sound is about 5,960 m/s (21,460 km/h; 13,330 mph). The speed of sound is also slightly sensitive, being subject to a second-order anharmonic effect, to the sound amplitude, which means that there are non-linear propagation effects, such as the production of harmonics and mixed tones not present in the original sound (see parametric array).
Perception of sound[edit]
A distinct use of the term sound from its use in physics is that in physiology and psychology, where the term refers to the subject of perception by the brain. The field of psychoacoustics is dedicated to such studies. Historically the word "sound" referred exclusively to an effect in the mind. Webster's 1947 dictionary defined sound as: "that which is heard; the effect which is produced by the vibration of a body affecting the ear."[10] This meant (at least in 1947) the correct response to the question: "if a tree falls in the forest with no one to hear it fall, does it make a sound " was "no". However, owing to contemporary usage, definitions of sound as a physical effect are prevalent in most dictionaries. Consequently, the answer to the same question (see above) is now "yes, a tree falling in the forest with no one to hear it fall does make a sound".
The physical reception of sound in any hearing organism is limited to a range of frequencies. Humans normally hear sound frequencies between approximately 20 Hz and 20,000 Hz (20 kHz),[11]:382 The upper limit decreases with age.[11]:249 Sometimes sound refers to only those vibrations with frequencies that are within the hearing range for humans[12] or sometimes it relates to a particular animal. Other species have different ranges of hearing. For example, dogs can perceive vibrations higher than 20 kHz, but are deaf below 40 Hz.
As a signal perceived by one of the major senses, sound is used by many species for detecting danger, navigation, predation, and communication. Earth's atmosphere, water, and virtually any physical phenomenon, such as fire, rain, wind, surf, or earthquake, produces (and is characterized by) its unique sounds. Many species, such as frogs, birds, marine and terrestrial mammals, have also developed special organs to produce sound. In some species, these produce song and speech. Furthermore, humans have developed culture and technology (such as music, telephone and radio) that allows them to generate, record, transmit, and broadcast sound.
Elements of sound perception[edit]

Figure 1. Pitch perception

Figure 2. Duration perception
There are six experimentally separable ways in which sound waves are analysed. They are: pitch, duration, loudness, timbre, sonic texture and spatial location.[13]
Pitch[edit]
Pitch is perceived as how "low" or "high" a sound is and represents the cyclic, repetitive nature of the vibrations that make up sound. For simple sounds, pitch relates to the frequency of the slowest vibration in the sound (called the fundamental harmonic). In the case of complex sounds, pitch perception can vary. Sometimes individuals identify different pitches for the same sound, based on their personal experience of particular sound patterns. Selection of a particular pitch is determined by pre-conscious examination of vibrations, including their frequencies and the balance between them. Specific attention is given to recognising potential harmonics.[14][15] Every sound is placed on a pitch continuum from low to high. For example: white noise (random noise spread evenly across all frequencies) sounds higher in pitch than pink noise (random noise spread evenly across octaves) as white noise has more high frequency content. Figure 1 shows an example of pitch recognition. During the listening process, each sound is analysed for a repeating pattern (See Figure 1: orange arrows) and the results forwarded to the auditory cortex as a single pitch of a certain height (octave) and chroma (note name).
Duration[edit]
Duration is perceived as how "long" or "short" a sound is and relates to onset and offset signals created by nerve responses to sounds. The duration of a sound usually lasts from the time the sound is first noticed until the sound is identified as having changed or ceased.[16] Sometimes this is not directly related to the physical duration of a sound. For example; in a noisy environment, gapped sounds (sounds that stop and start) can sound as if they are continuous because the offset messages are missed owing to disruptions from noises in the same general bandwidth.[17] This can be of great benefit in understanding distorted messages such as radio signals that suffer from interference, as (owing to this effect) the message is heard as if it was continuous. Figure 2 gives an example of duration identification. When a new sound is noticed (see Figure 2, Green arrows), a sound onset message is sent to the auditory cortex. When the repeating pattern is missed, a sound offset messages is sent.
Loudness[edit]
Loudness is perceived as how "loud" or "soft" a sound is and relates to the totalled number of auditory nerve stimulations over short cyclic time periods, most likely over the duration of theta wave cycles.[18][19][20] This means that at short durations, a very short sound can sound softer than a longer sound even though they are presented at the same intensity level. Past around 200 ms this is no longer the case and the duration of the sound no longer affects the apparent loudness of the sound. Figure 3 gives an impression of how loudness information is summed over a period of about 200 ms before being sent to the auditory cortex. Louder signals create a greater 'push' on the Basilar membrane and thus stimulate more nerves,creating a stronger loudness signal. A more complex signal also creates more nerve firings and so sounds louder (for the same wave amplitude) than a simpler sound, such as a sine wave.
Timbre[edit]
Timbre is perceived as the quality of different sounds (e.g. the thud of a fallen rock, the whir of a drill, the tone of a musical instrument or the quality of a voice) and represents the pre-conscious allocation of a sonic identity to a sound (e.g.  it s an oboe!"). This identity is based on information gained from frequency transients, noisiness, unsteadiness, perceived pitch and the spread and intensity of overtones in the sound over an extended time frame.[6][7][8] The way a sound changes over time (see figure 4) provides most of the information for timbre identification. Even though a small section of the wave form from each instrument looks very similar (see the expanded sections indicated by the orange arrows in figure 4), differences in changes over time between the clarinet and the piano are evident in both loudness and harmonic content. Less noticeable are the different noises heard, such as air hisses for the clarinet and hammer strikes for the piano.

Figure 3. Loudness perception

Figure 4. Timbre perception

Sonic Texture[edit]
Sonic Texture relates to the number of sound sources and the interaction between them.[21][22] The word 'texture', in this context, relates to the cognitive separation of auditory objects.[23] In music, texture is often referred to as the difference between unison, polyphony and homophony, but it can also relate (for example) to a busy cafe; a sound which might be referred to as 'cacophony'. However texture refers to more than this. The texture of an orchestral piece is very different to the texture of a brass quartet because of the different numbers of players. The texture of a market place is very different to a school hall because of the differences in the various sound sources.
Spatial location[edit]
Spatial location (see: Sound localization) represents the cognitive placement of a sound in an environmental context; including the placement of a sound on both the horizontal and vertical plane, the distance from the sound source and the characteristics of the sonic environment.[23][24] In a thick texture, it is possible to identify multiple sound sources using a combination of spatial location and timbre identification. It is the main reason why we can pick the sound of an oboe in an orchestra and the words of a single person at a cocktail party.
Sound measurements
Characteristic
Symbols
 Sound pressure  p, SPL
 Particle velocity   v, SVL
 Particle displacement    
 Sound intensity   I, SIL
 Sound power   P, SWL
 Sound energy  W
 Sound energy density  w
 Sound exposure  E, SEL
 Acoustic impedance  Z
 Speed of sound  c
 Audio frequency   AF
 Transmission loss   TL
v t e
Noise[edit]
Noise is a term often used to refer to an unwanted sound. In science and engineering, noise is an undesirable component that obscures a wanted signal. However, in sound perception it can often be used to identify the source of a sound and is an important component of timbre perception (see above).
Soundscape[edit]
Soundscape is the component of the acoustic environment that can be perceived by humans. The acoustic environment is the combination of all sounds (whether audible to humans or not) within a given area as modified by the environment.
Sound pressure level[edit]
Main article: Sound pressure level
Sound pressure is the difference, in a given medium, between average local pressure and the pressure in the sound wave. A square of this difference (i.e., a square of the deviation from the equilibrium pressure) is usually averaged over time and/or space, and a square root of this average provides a root mean square (RMS) value. For example, 1 Pa RMS sound pressure (94 dBSPL) in atmospheric air implies that the actual pressure in the sound wave oscillates between (1 atm -\sqrt{2} Pa) and (1 atm +\sqrt{2} Pa), that is between 101323.6 and 101326.4 Pa. As the human ear can detect sounds with a wide range of amplitudes, sound pressure is often measured as a level on a logarithmic decibel scale. The sound pressure level (SPL) or Lp is defined as

L_\mathrm{p}=10\, \log_{10}\left(\frac{{p}^2}{{p_\mathrm{ref}}^2}\right) =20\, \log_{10}\left(\frac{p}{p_\mathrm{ref}}\right)\mbox{ dB}\,
where p is the root-mean-square sound pressure and p_\mathrm{ref} is a reference sound pressure. Commonly used reference sound pressures, defined in the standard ANSI S1.1-1994, are 20  Pa in air and 1  Pa in water. Without a specified reference sound pressure, a value expressed in decibels cannot represent a sound pressure level.
Since the human ear does not have a flat spectral response, sound pressures are often frequency weighted so that the measured level matches perceived levels more closely. The International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) has defined several weighting schemes. A-weighting attempts to match the response of the human ear to noise and A-weighted sound pressure levels are labeled dBA. C-weighting is used to measure peak levels.
See also[edit]
Sound sources
musical instrument, sound box, earphones, sonar, sound reproduction,
Sound Entertainment
Radio, Music
Sound measurement
microphone
Decibel, Sone, mel, Phon, Hertz
Sound pressure level, Sound pressure
Particle velocity, Acoustic velocity
Particle displacement, Particle amplitude, Particle acceleration
Sound power, Sound power level
Sound energy flux
Sound intensity, Sound intensity level
Acoustic impedance, Sound impedance, Characteristic impedance
Speed of sound, Amplitude
General
Acoustic theory
Beat
Doppler effect
Echo
Musical tone
Pitch
Resonance
Reverberation
Sonic weaponry
Sound localization
Soundproofing
Structural acoustics
Timbre
Ultrasound
List of unexplained sounds
Pitch (music)
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

In musical notation, the different vertical positions of notes indicate different pitches. About this sound Play top (help info) & About this sound Play bottom (help info)
Pitch is a perceptual property of sounds that allows their ordering on a frequency-related scale,[1] or more commonly, pitch is the quality that makes it possible to judge sounds as "higher" and "lower" in the sense associated with musical melodies.[2] Pitch can be determined only in sounds that have a frequency that is clear and stable enough to distinguish from noise.[3] Pitch is a major auditory attribute of musical tones, along with duration, loudness, and timbre.[4]

Pitch may be quantified as a frequency, but pitch is not a purely objective physical property; it is a subjective psychoacoustical attribute of sound. Historically, the study of pitch and pitch perception has been a central problem in psychoacoustics, and has been instrumental in forming and testing theories of sound representation, processing, and perception in the auditory system.[5]

Contents  [hide] 
1 Perception of pitch
1.1 Pitch and frequency
1.2 Theories of pitch perception
1.3 Just-noticeable difference
1.4 Aural illusions
2 Definite and indefinite pitch
3 Pitch standards and Standard pitch
4 Labeling pitches
5 Scales
6 Other musical meanings of pitch
7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10  External links
Perception of pitch[edit]
Pitch and frequency[edit]
Pitch is an auditory sensation in which a listener assigns musical tones to relative positions on a musical scale based primarily on their perception of the frequency of vibration.[6] Pitch is closely related to frequency, but the two are not equivalent. Frequency is an objective, scientific attribute that can be measured. Pitch is each person's subjective perception of a sound wave, which cannot be directly measured. However, this does not necessarily mean that most people won't agree on which notes are higher and lower.

Sound waves themselves do not have pitch, but their oscillations can be measured to obtain a frequency. It takes a sentient mind to map the internal quality of pitch. However, pitches are usually associated with, and thus quantified as frequencies in cycles per second, or hertz, by comparing sounds with pure tones, which have periodic, sinusoidal waveforms. Complex and aperiodic sound waves can often be assigned a pitch by this method.[7][8][9]

According to the American National Standards Institute, pitch is the auditory attribute of sound according to which sounds can be ordered on a scale from low to high. Since pitch is such a close proxy for frequency, it is almost entirely determined by how quickly the sound wave is making the air vibrate and has almost nothing to do with the intensity, or amplitude, of the wave. That is, "high" pitch means very rapid oscillation, and "low" pitch corresponds to slower oscillation. Despite that, the idiom relating vertical height to sound pitch is shared by most languages.[10] At least in English, it is just one of many deep conceptual metaphors that involve up/down. The exact etymological history of the musical sense of high and low pitch is still unclear. There is evidence that humans do actually perceive that the source of a sound is slightly higher or lower in vertical space when the sound frequency is increased or reduced.[10]

In most cases, the pitch of complex sounds such as speech and musical notes corresponds very nearly to the repetition rate of periodic or nearly-periodic sounds, or to the reciprocal of the time interval between repeating similar events in the sound waveform.[8][9]

The pitch of complex tones can be ambiguous, meaning that two or more different pitches can be perceived, depending upon the observer.[5] When the actual fundamental frequency can be precisely determined through physical measurement, it may differ from the perceived pitch because of overtones, also known as upper partials, harmonic or otherwise. A complex tone composed of two sine waves of 1000 and 1200 Hz may sometimes be heard as up to three pitches: two spectral pitches at 1000 and 1200 Hz, derived from the physical frequencies of the pure tones, and the combination tone at 200 Hz, corresponding to the repetition rate of the waveform. In a situation like this, the percept at 200 Hz is commonly referred to as the missing fundamental, which is often the greatest common divisor of the frequencies present.[11]

Pitch depends to a lesser degree on the sound pressure level (loudness, volume) of the tone, especially at frequencies below 1,000 Hz and above 2,000 Hz. The pitch of lower tones gets lower as sound pressure increases. For instance, a tone of 200 Hz that is very loud seems one semitone lower in pitch than if it is just barely audible. Above 2,000 Hz, the pitch gets higher as the sound gets louder.[12]

Theories of pitch perception[edit]
Theories of pitch perception try to explain how the physical sound and specific physiology of the auditory system work together to yield the experience of pitch. In general, pitch perception theories can be divided into place coding and temporal coding. Place theory holds that the perception of pitch is determined by the place of maximum excitation on the basilar membrane.

A place code, taking advantage of the tonotopy in the auditory system, must be in effect for the perception of high frequencies, since neurons have an upper limit on how fast they can phase-lock their action potentials.[6] However, a purely place-based theory cannot account for the accuracy of pitch perception in the low and middle frequency ranges.

Temporal theories offer an alternative that appeals to the temporal structure of action potentials, mostly the phase-locking and mode-locking of action potentials to frequencies in a stimulus. The precise way this temporal structure helps code for pitch at higher levels is still debated, but the processing seems to be based on an autocorrelation of action potentials in the auditory nerve.[13] However, it has long been noted that a neural mechanism that may accomplish a delay a necessary operation of a true autocorrelation has not been found.[6] At least one model shows that a temporal delay is unnecessary to produce an autocorrelation model of pitch perception, appealing to phase shifts between cochlear filters;[14] however, earlier work has shown that certain sounds with a prominent peak in their autocorrelation function do not elicit a corresponding pitch percept,[15][16] and that certain sounds without a peak in their autocorrelation function nevertheless elicit a pitch.[17][18] To be a more complete model, autocorrelation must therefore apply to signals that represent the output of the cochlea, as via auditory-nerve interspike-interval histograms.[16] Some theories of pitch perception hold that pitch has inherent octave ambiguities, and therefore is best decomposed into a pitch chroma, a periodic value around the octave, like the note names in western music and a pitch height, which may be ambiguous, that indicates the octave the pitch is in.[5]

Just-noticeable difference[edit]
The just-noticeable difference (jnd) (the threshold at which a change is perceived) depends on the tone's frequency content. Below 500 Hz, the jnd is about 3 Hz for sine waves, and 1 Hz for complex tones; above 1000 Hz, the jnd for sine waves is about 0.6% (about 10 cents).[19] The jnd is typically tested by playing two tones in quick succession with the listener asked if there was a difference in their pitches.[12] The jnd becomes smaller if the two tones are played simultaneously as the listener is then able to discern beat frequencies. The total number of perceptible pitch steps in the range of human hearing is about 1,400; the total number of notes in the equal-tempered scale, from 16 to 16,000 Hz, is 120.[12]

Aural illusions[edit]
The relative perception of pitch can be fooled, resulting in aural illusions. There are several of these, such as the tritone paradox, but most notably the Shepard scale, where a continuous or discrete sequence of specially formed tones can be made to sound as if the sequence continues ascending or descending forever.

Definite and indefinite pitch[edit]
Not all musical instruments make notes with a clear pitch. The unpitched percussion instrument (a class of percussion instrument) does not produce particular pitches. A sound or note of definite pitch is one where a listener can possibly (or relatively easily) discern the pitch. Sounds with definite pitch have harmonic frequency spectra or close to harmonic spectra.[12]

A sound generated on any instrument produces many modes of vibration that occur simultaneously. A listener hears numerous frequencies at once. The vibration with the lowest frequency is called the fundamental frequency; the other frequencies are overtones.[20] Harmonics are an important class of overtones with frequencies that are integer multiples of the fundamental. Whether or not the higher frequencies are integer multiples, they are collectively called the partials, referring to the different parts that make up the total spectrum.

A sound or note of indefinite pitch is one that a listener finds impossible or relatively difficult to identify as to pitch. Sounds with indefinite pitch do not have harmonic spectra or have altered harmonic spectra a characteristic known as inharmonicity.

It is still possible for two sounds of indefinite pitch to clearly be higher or lower than one another. For instance, a snare drum sounds higher pitched than a bass drum though both have indefinite pitch, because its sound contains higher frequencies. In other words, it is possible and often easy to roughly discern the relative pitches of two sounds of indefinite pitch, but sounds of indefinite pitch do not neatly correspond to any specific pitch. A special type of pitch often occurs in free nature when sound reaches the ear of an observer directly from the source, and also after reflecting off a sound-reflecting surface. This phenomenon is called repetition pitch, because the addition of a true repetition of the original sound to itself is the basic prerequisite.

Pitch standards and Standard pitch[edit]
Main article: Concert pitch
A pitch standard (also Concert pitch) is the conventional pitch reference a group of musical instruments are tuned to for a performance. Concert pitch may vary from ensemble to ensemble, and has varied widely over musical history.


440 Hz
MENU0:00
Problems playing this file  See media help.
Standard pitch is a more widely accepted convention. The A above middle C is usually set at 440 Hz (often written as "A = 440 Hz" or sometimes "A440"), although other frequencies, such as 442 Hz, are also often used as variants. Another standard pitch, the so-called Baroque pitch, has been set in the 20th century as A = 415 Hz exactly an equal tempered semitone lower than A440 to facilitate transposition.

Transposing instruments have their origin in the variety of pitch standards. In modern times, they conventionally have their parts transposed into different keys from voices and other instruments (and even from each other). As a result, musicians need a way to refer to a particular pitch in an unambiguous manner when talking to each other.

For example, the most common type of clarinet or trumpet, when playing a note written in their part as C, sounds a pitch that is called B  on a non-transposing instrument like a violin (which indicates that at one time these wind instruments played at a standard pitch a tone lower than violin pitch). To refer to that pitch unambiguously, a musician calls it concert B , meaning, "...the pitch that someone playing a non-transposing instrument like a violin calls B ."

Labeling pitches[edit]

This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (February 2011)
For a comprehensive list of frequencies of musical notes, see Scientific pitch notation and Frequencies of notes.

Note frequencies, four-octave C major diatonic scale, starting with C1.
Pitches are labeled using:

Letters, as in Helmholtz pitch notation
A combination of letters and numbers as in scientific pitch notation, where notes are labelled upwards from C0, the 16 Hz C
Numbers that represent the frequency in hertz (Hz), the number of cycles per second
For example, one might refer to the A above middle C as a', A4, or 440 Hz. In standard Western equal temperament, the notion of pitch is insensitive to "spelling": the description "G4 double sharp" refers to the same pitch as A4; in other temperaments, these may be distinct pitches. Human perception of musical intervals is approximately logarithmic with respect to fundamental frequency: the perceived interval between the pitches "A220" and "A440" is the same as the perceived interval between the pitches A440 and A880. Motivated by this logarithmic perception, music theorists sometimes represent pitches using a numerical scale based on the logarithm of fundamental frequency. For example, one can adopt the widely used MIDI standard to map fundamental frequency, f, to a real number, p, as follows


p = 69 + 12\times\log_2 { \left(\frac {f}{440\; \mbox{Hz}} \right) }
This creates a linear pitch space in which octaves have size 12, semitones (the distance between adjacent keys on the piano keyboard) have size 1, and A440 is assigned the number 69. (See Frequencies of notes.) Distance in this space corresponds to musical intervals as understood by musicians. An equal-tempered semitone is subdivided into 100 cents. The system is flexible enough to include "microtones" not found on standard piano keyboards. For example, the pitch halfway between C (60) and C  (61) can be labeled 60.5.

The following table shows frequencies in Hz for notes in various octaves, named according to the "German method" of octave nomenclature:

Note  Contra  Great Small One-lined Two-lined Three-lined
A 55.00 110.00  220.00  440.00  880.00  1760.00
A /B  58.27 116.54  233.08  466.16  932.33  1864.66
B/C   61.74 123.47  246.94  493.88  987.77  1975.53
B /C  65.41 130.81  261.63  523.25  1046.50 2093.00
C /D  69.30 138.59  277.18  554.37  1108.73 2217.46
D 73.42 146.83  293.66  587.33  1174.66 2349.32
D /E  77.78 155.56  311.13  622.25  1244.51 2489.02
E 82.41 164.81  329.63  659.26  1318.51 2637.02
E /F  87.31 174.61  349.23  698.46  1396.91 2793.83
F /G  92.50 185.00  369.99  739.99  1479.98 2959.96
G 98.00 196.00  392.00  783.99  1567.99 3135.96
G /A  103.83  207.65  415.30  830.61  1661.22 3322.44
Scales[edit]
The relative pitches of individual notes in a scale may be determined by one of a number of tuning systems. In the west, the twelve-note chromatic scale is the most common method of organization, with equal temperament now the most widely used method of tuning that scale. In it, the pitch ratio between any two successive notes of the scale is exactly the twelfth root of two (or about 1.05946). In well-tempered systems (as used in the time of Johann Sebastian Bach, for example), different methods of musical tuning were used. Almost all of these systems have one interval in common, the octave, where the pitch of one note is double the frequency of another. For example, if the A above middle C is 440 Hz, the A an octave above that is 880 Hz (info).

Other musical meanings of pitch[edit]
In atonal, twelve tone, or musical set theory a "pitch" is a specific frequency while a pitch class is all the octaves of a frequency. In many analytic discussions of atonal and post-tonal music, pitches are named with integers because of octave and enharmonic equivalency (for example, in a serial system, C  and D  are considered the same pitch, while C4 and C5 are functionally the same, one octave apart).

Discrete pitches, rather than continuously variable pitches, are virtually universal, with exceptions including "tumbling strains"[21] and "indeterminate-pitch chants".[22] Gliding pitches are used in most cultures, but are related to the discrete pitches they reference or embellish.[23]
Rhythm
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
For other uses, see Rhythm (disambiguation).

Rhythm, a sequence in time repeated, featured in dance: an early moving picture demonstrates the waltz.
Rhythm (from Greek       , rhythmos, "any regular recurring motion, symmetry" (Liddell and Scott 1996)) generally means a "movement marked by the regulated succession of strong and weak elements, or of opposite or different conditions" (Anon. 1971, 2537). This general meaning of regular recurrence or pattern in time can apply to a wide variety of cyclical natural phenomena having a periodicity or frequency of anything from microseconds to millions of years.

In the performance arts rhythm is the timing of events on a human scale; of musical sounds and silences, of the steps of a dance, or the meter of spoken language and poetry. Rhythm may also refer to visual presentation, as "timed movement through space" (Jirousek 1995,[page needed]) and a common language of pattern unites rhythm with geometry. In recent years, rhythm and meter have become an important area of research among music scholars. Recent work in these areas includes books by Maury Yeston (1976), Fred Lerdahl and Ray Jackendoff (Lerdahl and Jackendoff 1983), Jonathan Kramer, Christopher Hasty (1997), Godfried Toussaint (2005), William Rothstein,[citation needed] and Joel Lester (Lester 1986).

In Thinking and Destiny, Harold W. Percival defined rhythm as the character and meaning of thought expressed through the measure or movement in sound or form, or by written signs or words (Percival 1946, 1006).

Contents  [hide] 
1 Anthropology
2 Terminology
2.1 Pulse, beat and measure
2.2 Unit and gesture
2.3 Alternation and repetition
2.4 Tempo and duration
2.5 Metric structure
3 Composite rhythm
4 Rhythm notation
4.1 African music
4.2 Indian music
4.3 Western music
5 Linguistics
6 See also
7 References
8 Further reading
9 External links
Anthropology[edit]

Percussion instruments have clearly defined dynamics that aid the creation and perception of complex rhythms
In his television series How Music Works, Howard Goodall presents theories that human rhythm recalls the regularity with which we walk and the heartbeat (Goodall 2006,[page needed]). Other research suggests that it does not relate to the heartbeat directly, but rather the speed of emotional affect, which also influences heartbeat. Yet other researchers suggest that since certain features of human music are widespread, it is reasonable to suspect that beat-based rhythmic processing has ancient evolutionary roots (Patel 2014,[page needed]). Justin London writes that musical metre "involves our initial perception as well as subsequent anticipation of a series of beats that we abstract from the rhythm surface of the music as it unfolds in time" (London 2004, 4). The "perception" and "abstraction" of rhythmic measure is the foundation of human instinctive musical participation, as when we divide a series of identical clock-ticks into "tick-tock-tick-tock" (Scholes 1977b; Scholes 1977c).


Simple [quadr]duple drum pattern, against which duration is measured in much popular music: About this sound Play (help info).
Joseph Jordania recently suggested that the sense of rhythm was developed in the early stages of hominid evolution by the forces of natural selection (Jordania 2011,[page needed]). Plenty of animals walk rhythmically and hear the sounds of the heartbeat in the womb, but only humans have the ability to be engaged (entrained) in a rhythmically coordinated vocalizations and other activities. According to Jordania, development of the sense of rhythm was central for the achievement of the specific neurological state of the battle trance, crucial for the development of the effective defense system of early hominids. Rhythmic war cry, rhythmic drumming by shamans, rhythmic drilling of the soldiers and contemporary professional combat forces listening to the heavy rhythmic rock music (Pieslak 2009,[page needed]) all use the ability of rhythm to unite human individuals into a shared collective identity where group members put the interests of the group above their individual interests and safety. Rhythms can also extend over a long period of time with long intervals such as calendars[clarification needed] that give rise to social rhythms[clarification needed] (Mughal 2014,[page needed]).

Some types of parrots can know rhythm (Anon. 2009). Neurologist Oliver Sacks states that chimpanzees and other animals show no similar appreciation of rhythm yet posits that human affinity for rhythm is fundamental, so that a person's sense of rhythm cannot be lost (e.g. by stroke). "There is not a single report of an animal being trained to tap, peck, or move in synchrony with an auditory beat" (Patel 2006, cited in Sacks 2007, 239 40, who adds, "No doubt many pet lovers will dispute this notion, and indeed many animals, from the Lippizaner horses of the Spanish Riding School of Vienna to performing circus animals appear to 'dance' to music. It is not clear whether they are doing so or are responding to subtle visual or tactile cues from the humans around them.") Human rhythmic arts are possibly to some extent rooted in courtship ritual (Mithen 2005,[page needed]).


Compound triple drum pattern: divides three beats into three. About this sound Play (help info) Contains repetition on three levels.
The establishment of a basic beat requires the perception of a regular sequence of distinct short-duration pulses and, as subjective perception of loudness is relative to background noise levels, a pulse must decay to silence before the next occurs if it is to be really distinct. For this reason the fast-transient sounds of percussion instruments lend themselves to the definition of rhythm. Musical cultures that rely upon such instruments may develop multi-layered polyrhythm and simultaneous rhythms in more than one time signature, called polymeter. Such are the cross-rhythms of Sub-Saharan Africa and the interlocking kotekan rhythms of the gamelan.

For information on rhythm in Indian music see Tala (music). For other Asian approaches to rhythm see Rhythm in Persian music, Rhythm in Arabian music and Usul Rhythm in Turkish music and Dumbek rhythms.

Terminology[edit]
Pulse, beat and measure[edit]
(See main articles; Pulse (music), Beat (music))


Metric levels: beat level shown in middle with division levels above and multiple levels below.
Most music, dance and oral poetry establishes and maintains an underlying "metric level", a basic unit of time that may be audible or implied, the pulse or tactus of the mensural level (Berry 1976/1986, 349; Lerdahl and Jackendoff 1983; Fitch and Rosenfeld 2007, 44), or beat level, sometimes simply called the beat. This consists of a (repeating) series of identical yet distinct periodic short-duration stimuli perceived as points in time (Winold 1975, 213). The "beat" pulse is not necessarily the fastest or the slowest component of the rhythm but the one that is perceived as fundamental: it has a tempo to which listeners entrain as they tap their foot or dance to a piece of music (Handel 1989). It is currently most often designated as a crotchet or quarter note in western notation (see time signature). Faster levels are division levels, and slower levels are multiple levels (Winold 1975, 213). "Rhythms of recurrence" arise from the interaction of two levels of motion, the faster providing the pulse and the slower organizing the beats into repetitive groups (Yeston 1976, 50 52). "Once a metric hierarchy has been established, we, as listeners, will maintain that organization as long as minimal evidence is present" (Lester 1986, 77).

Unit and gesture[edit]

Rhythmic units: division level shown above and rhythmic units shown below About this sound Play (help info).
A durational pattern that synchronises with a pulse or pulses on the underlying metric level may be called a rhythmic unit. These may be classified as; metric even patterns, such as steady eighth notes or pulses intrametric confirming patterns, such as dotted eighth-sixteenth note and swing patterns contrametric non-confirming, or syncopated patterns and extrametric irregular patterns, such as tuplets.

A rhythmic gesture is any durational pattern that, in contrast to the rhythmic unit, does not occupy a period of time equivalent to a pulse or pulses on an underlying metric level. It may be described according to its beginning and ending or by the rhythmic units it contains. Beginnings on a strong pulse are thetic, a weak pulse, anacrustic and those beginning after a rest or tied-over note are called initial rest. Endings on a strong pulse are strong, a weak pulse, weak and those that end on a strong or weak upbeat are upbeat (Winold 1975, 239).

Alternation and repetition[edit]
Rhythm is marked by the regulated succession of opposite elements, the dynamics of the strong and weak beat, the played beat and the inaudible but implied rest beat, the long and short note. As well as perceiving rhythm we must be able to anticipate it. This depends on repetition of a pattern that is short enough to memorize.

The alternation of the strong and weak beat is fundamental to the ancient language of poetry, dance and music. The common poetic term "foot" refers, as in dance, to the lifting and tapping of the foot in time. In a similar way musicians speak of an upbeat and a downbeat and of the "on" and "off" beat. These contrasts naturally facilitate a dual hierarchy of rhythm and depend on repeating patterns of duration, accent and rest forming a "pulse-group" that corresponds to the poetic foot. Normally such pulse-groups are defined by taking the most accented beat as the first and counting the pulses until the next accent (MacPherson 1930, 5; Scholes 1977b). A rhythm that accents another beat and de-emphasises the down beat as established or assumed from the melody or from a preceding rhythm is called syncopated rhythm.

Normally, even the most complex of meters may be broken down into a chain of duple and triple pulses (MacPherson 1930, 5; Scholes 1977b) either by addition or division. According to Pierre Boulez, beat structures beyond four, in western music, are "simply not natural" (Slatkin n.d., at 5:05).

Tempo and duration[edit]
(See main articles; Duration (music), Tempo)

The tempo of the piece is the speed or frequency of the tactus, a measure of how quickly the beat flows. This is often measured in 'beats per minute' (bpm): 60 bpm means a speed of one beat per second, a frequency of 1 Hz. A rhythmic unit is a durational pattern that has a period equivalent to a pulse or several pulses (Winold 1975, 237). The duration of any such unit is inversely related to its tempo.

Musical sound may be analyzed on five different time scales, which Moravscik has arranged in order of increasing duration (Moravcsik 2001, 114).

Supershort: a single cycle of an audible wave, approximately 1 30 1 10,000 second (30 10,000 Hz or more than 1,800 bpm). These, though rhythmic in nature, are not perceived as separate events but as continuous musical pitch.
Short: of the order of one second (1 Hz, 60 bpm, 10 100,000 audio cycles). Musical tempo is generally specified in the range 40 to 240 beats per minute. A continuous pulse cannot be perceived as a musical beat if it is faster than 8 10 per second (8 10 Hz, 480 600 bpm) or slower than 1 per 1.5 2 seconds (0.6 0.5 Hz, 40 30 bpm). Too fast a beat becomes a drone, too slow a succession of sounds seems unconnected (Fraisse 1956[page needed]; Woodrow 1951[page needed], both quoted in Covaciu-Pogorilowski n.d.). This time-frame roughly corresponds to the human heart rate and to the duration of a single step, syllable or rhythmic gesture.
Medium:   few seconds, This median durational level "defines rhythm in music" (Moravcsik 2001, 114) as it allows the definition of a rhythmic unit, the arrangement of an entire sequence of accented, unaccented and silent or "rest" pulses into the cells of a measure that may give rise to the "briefest intelligible and self-existent musical unit" (Scholes 1977c), a motif or figure. This may be further organized, by repetition and variation, into a definite phrase that may characterise an entire genre of music, dance or poetry and that may be regarded as the fundamental formal unit of music (MacPherson 1930,[page needed]).
Long:   many seconds or a minute, corresponding to a durational unit that "consists of musical phrases" (Moravcsik 2001, 114) which may make up a melody, a formal section, a poetic stanza or a characteristic sequence of dance moves and steps. Thus the temporal regularity of musical organisation includes the most elementary levels of musical form (MacPherson 1930, 3).
Very long:   minutes or many hours, musical compositions or subdivisions of compositions.
Curtis Roads (Roads 2001) takes a wider view by distinguishing nine time scales, this time in order of decreasing duration. The first two, the infinite and the supramusical, encompass natural periodicities of months, years, decades, centuries, and greater, while the last three, the sample and subsample, which take account of digital and electronic rates "too brief to be properly recorded or perceived", measured in millionths of seconds (microseconds), and finally the infinitesimal or infinitely brief, are again in the extra-musical domain. Roads' Macro level, encompassing "overall musical architecture or form" roughly corresponds to Moravcsik's "very long" division while his Meso level, the level of "divisions of form" including movements, sections, phrases taking seconds or minutes, is likewise similar to Moravcsik's "long" category. Roads' Sound object (Schaeffer 1959; Schaeffer 1977): "a basic unit of musical structure" and a generalization of note (Xenakis' ministructural time scale); fraction of a second to several seconds, and his Microsound (see granular synthesis) down to the threshold of audible perception; thousands to millionths of seconds, are similarly comparable to Moravcsik's "short" and "supershort" levels of duration.

Metric structure[edit]
(See main articles; Metre (music), Bar (music), Metre (poetry))


Notation of a clave rhythm pattern  Each cell of the grid corresponds to a fixed duration of time with a resolution fine enough to capture the timing of the pattern, which may be counted as two bars of four beats in divisive (metrical or symmetrical) rhythm, each beat divided into two cells. The first bar of the pattern may also usefully be counted additively (in measured or asymmetrical rhythm) as 3 + 3 + 2
The study of rhythm, stress, and pitch in speech is called prosody: it is a topic in linguistics and poetics, where it means the number of lines in a verse, the number of syllables in each line and the arrangement of those syllables as long or short, accented or unaccented. Music inherited the term "meter or metre" from the terminology of poetry (Scholes 1977b; Scholes 1977c; Latham 2002).

The metric structure of music includes meter, tempo and all other rhythmic aspects that produce temporal regularity against which the foreground details or durational patterns of the music are projected (Winold 1975,[page needed]). The terminology of western music is notoriously imprecise in this area (Scholes 1977b). MacPherson 1930, 3 preferred to speak of "time" and "rhythmic shape", Imogen Holst (Holst 1963, 17) of "measured rhythm".

Dance music has instantly recognizable patterns of beats built upon a characteristic tempo and measure. The Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing defines the tango, for example, as to be danced in 2
4 time at approximately 66 beats per minute. The basic slow step forwards or backwards, lasting for one beat, is called a "slow", so that a full "right left" step is equal to one 2
4 measure (Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing 1977,[page needed]) (See Rhythm and dance).


Notation of three measures of a clave pattern preceded by one measure of steady quarter notes. This pattern is noted in double time relative to the one above, in one instead of two four-beat measures About this sound Four beats followed by three Clave patterns (help info).
The general classifications of metrical rhythm, measured rhythm, and free rhythm may be distinguished (Cooper 1973, 30). Metrical or divisive rhythm, by far the most common in Western music calculates each time value as a multiple or fraction of the beat. Normal accents re-occur regularly providing systematical grouping (measures). Measured rhythm (additive rhythm) also calculates each time value as a multiple or fraction of a specified time unit but the accents do not recur regularly within the cycle. Free rhythm is where there is neither (Cooper 1973, 30), such as in Christian chant, which has a basic pulse but a freer rhythm, like the rhythm of prose compared to that of verse (Scholes 1977c). See Free time (music).

Finally some music, such as some graphically scored works since the 1950s and non-European music such as Honkyoku repertoire for shakuhachi, may be considered ametric (Karpinski 2000, 19). Senza misura is an Italian musical term for "without meter", meaning to play without a beat, using time to measure how long it will take to play the bar (Forney and Machlis 2007[page needed]).

Composite rhythm[edit]

Bach's Sinfonia in F minor BWV 795, mm. 1-3 About this sound Play original (help info) About this sound Play with composite (help info).
A composite rhythm is the durations and patterns (rhythm) produced by amalgamating all sounding parts of a musical texture. In music of the common practice period, the composite rhythm usually confirms the meter, often in metric or even-note patterns identical to the pulse on a specific metric level. White defines composite rhythm as, "the resultant overall rhythmic articulation among all the voices of a contrapuntal texture" (White 1976, 136.).

Rhythm notation[edit]
Worldwide there are many different approaches to passing on rhythmic phrases and patterns, as they exist in traditional music, from generation to generation.

African music[edit]
In the Griot tradition of Africa everything related to music has been passed on orally. Babatunde Olatunji (1927 2003) developed a simple series of spoken sounds for teaching the rhythms of the hand-drum, using six vocal sounds, "Goon, Doon, Go, Do, Pa, Ta", for three basic sounds on the drum, each played with either the left or the right hand.

The debate about the appropriateness of staff notation for African music is a subject of particular interest to outsiders while African scholars from Kyagambiddwa to Kongo have, for the most part, accepted the conventions and limitations of staff notation, and produced transcriptions to inform and enable discussion and debate (Agawu 2003, 52)

John Miller Chernoff 1979 has argued that West African music is based on tension between rhythms, polyrhythms created by the simultaneous sounding of two or more different rhythms, generally one dominant rhythm interacting with one or more independent competing rhythms. These often oppose or complement each other and the dominant rhythm.

Moral values underpin a musical system based on repetition of relatively simple patterns that meet at distant cross-rhythmic intervals and on call-and-response form. Collective utterances such as proverbs or lineages appear either in phrases translated into "drum talk" or in the words of songs. People expect musicians to stimulate participation by reacting to people dancing. Appreciation of musicians is related to the effectiveness of their upholding community values (Chernoff 1979)[page needed].

Indian music[edit]
Indian music has also been passed on orally. Tabla players would learn to speak complex rhythm patterns and phrases before attempting to play them. Sheila Chandra, an English pop singer of Indian descent, made performances based on her singing these patterns. In Indian Classical music, the Tala of a composition is the rhythmic pattern over which the whole piece is structured.

Western music[edit]
In the 20th century, composers like Igor Stravinsky, B la Bart k, Philip Glass, and Steve Reich wrote more rhythmically complex music using odd meters, and techniques such as phasing and additive rhythm. At the same time, modernists such as Olivier Messiaen and his pupils used increased complexity to disrupt the sense of a regular beat, leading eventually to the widespread use of irrational rhythms in New Complexity. This use may be explained by a comment of John Cage's where he notes that regular rhythms cause sounds to be heard as a group rather than individually; the irregular rhythms highlight the rapidly changing pitch relationships that would otherwise be subsumed into irrelevant rhythmic groupings (Sandow 2004, 257). LaMonte Young also wrote music in which the sense of a regular beat is absent because the music consists only of long sustained tones (drones). In the 1930s, Henry Cowell wrote music involving multiple simultaneous periodic rhythms and collaborated with L on Th r min to invent the Rhythmicon, the first electronic rhythm machine, in order to perform them. Similarly, Conlon Nancarrow wrote for the player piano.

Use of polyrhythms in American music is generally traced to the influence of black culture through Dixieland and Jazz styles. The effect of multiple soloing in these forms, often utilizing cross-rhythms comes directly from the underlying aesthetics of sub-Saharan African music. These complex rhythmic structures have been widely adopted in many current forms of western popular music.[citation needed]

Linguistics[edit]
Main article: Isochrony
In linguistics, rhythm or isochrony is one of the three aspects of prosody, along with stress and intonation. Languages can be categorized according to whether they are syllable-timed, mora-timed, or stress-timed. Speakers of syllable-timed languages such as Spanish and Cantonese put roughly equal time on each syllable; in contrast, speakers of stressed-timed languages such as English and Mandarin Chinese put roughly equal time lags between stressed syllables, with the timing of the unstressed syllables in between them being adjusted to accommodate the stress timing.

Narmour 1977 (cited in Winold1975,[page needed]) describes three categories of prosodic rules that create rhythmic successions that are additive (same duration repeated), cumulative (short-long), or countercumulative (long-short). Cumulation is associated with closure or relaxation, countercumulation with openness or tension, while additive rhythms are open-ended and repetitive. Richard Middleton points out this method cannot account for syncopation and suggests the concept of transformation (Middleton 1990,[page needed]).

See also[edit]
Meter (music)
Drumming
Polyrhythm
Cross-beat
References[edit]
Agawu, Kofi. 2003. Representing African Music: Postcolonial Notes, Queries, Positions. New York: Routledge.
Anon. The Compact Edition of the Oxford English Dictionary II. Oxford and New York: Oxford University Press, 1971.
April 30, 2009. "Parrots have got rhythm, studies find", World-Science.net.
Berry, Wallace (1976/1986). Structural Functions in Music. ISBN 0-486-25384-8.[full citation needed]
Chernoff, John Miller (1979). African Rhythm and African Sensibility: Aesthetic and Social Action in African Musical Idioms. Chicago: The University of Chicago Press.
Cooper, Paul (1973). Perspectives in Music Theory: An Historical-Analytical Approach. New York: Dodd, Mead. ISBN 0-396-06752-2.
Covaciu-Pogorilowski, Andrei. n.d. "Musical Time Theory and A Manifesto". Self-published online (accessed 1 August 2014).
Fitch, W. Tecumseh, and Andrew J. Rosenfeld (2007). "Perception and Production of Syncopated Rhythms". Music Perception, Vol. 25, Issue 1, pp. 43 58. ISSN 0730-7829.
Fraisse, P. Les Structures Rhythmiques, Erasme. Paris, 1956.[full citation needed]
Forney, Kristine, and Joseph Machlis. 2007. The Enjoyment of Music, tenth edition. New York: W. W. Norton & Company. ISBN 978-0-393-17423-6.
Goodall, Howard (presenter). 2006. How Music Works with Howard Goodall, produced by David Jeffcock. Television series, 4 episodes. Episode 2: "Rhythm" (Saturday 25 November, 6:20 7:20pm). Tiger Aspect Productions for Channel 4 Television Corporation.
Hasty, Christopher (1997). Meter as Rhythm. Oxford: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-510066-2.
Holst, Imogen. An ABC of Music: A Short Practical Guide to the Basic Essentials of Rudiments, Harmony, and Form. Oxford and New York: Oxford University Press, 1963.
The Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing (1977). Ballroom Dancing. Sevenoaks, Kent: Hodder and Stoughton; New York: David McKay Co.
Jirousek, Charlotte. 1995. "Rhythm". In An Interactive Textbook, Ithaca: Cornell University website (accessed 24 July 2014).
Jordania, Josephj. 2011. Why do People Sing  Music in Human Evolution.[full citation needed] Logos.
Karpinski, Gary S. Aural Skills Acquisition: The Development of Listening, Reading, and Performing Skills in College-Level Musicians. Oxford and New York: Oxford University Press, 2000. ISBN 978-0-19-511785-1.
Latham, Alison. 2002. "Metre", The Oxford Companion to Music, edited by Alison Latham. Oxford and New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-866212-2.
Lerdahl, Fred, and Ray Jackendoff. 1983. A Generative Theory of Tonal Music. The MIT Press Series on Cognitive Theory and Mental Representation. Cambridge: MIT Press. ISBN 978-0-262-12094-4; ISBN 978-0-262-62107-6; ISBN 978-0-262-62049-9.
Lester, Joel. The Rhythms of Tonal Music. Hillsdale, NY: Pendragon Press, 1986. ISBN 978-0-8093-1282-5.
Liddell, Henry George, and Robert Scott. "      ", in A Greek-English Lexicon, revised edition, combining the text of the ninth edition with an extensively revised and expanded Supplement. Oxford and New York: Oxford University Press, 1996. Online, Perseus Project
London, Justin (2004). Hearing in Time: Psychological Aspects of Musical Meter. Oxford and New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-516081-9.
MacPherson, Stewart, Form in Music, London: Joseph Williams, 1930.
Middleton, Richard (1990). Studying Popular Music. Philadelphia: Open University Press. ISBN 0-335-15275-9.
Mithen, Steven (2005). The Singing Neanderthals: The Origins of Music, Language, Mind and Body. (PDF). London: Weidenfeld & Nicolson. ISBN 0-297-64317-7.
Moravcsik, Michael J. (2001). Musical Sound: An Introduction to the Physics of Music. ISBN 978-0-306-46710-3.[full citation needed]
Mughal, Muhammad Aurang Zeb. 2014. "Calendars Tell History: Social Rhythm and Social Change in Rural Pakistan". History and Anthropology 25, no. 5:592 613.
Narmour, Eugene. Beyond Schenkerism: The Need for Alternatives in Music Analysis. Chicago and London: University of Chicago Press, 1977. Phoenix paperback edition 1980. ISBN 978-0-226-56847-8 (cloth); ISBN 978-0-226-56848-5 (paperback).
Patel, Aniruddh D. (2006). "Musical Rhythm, Linguistic Rhythm, and Human Evolution". Music Perception (Berkeley, California: University of California Press) 1 (24): 99 104. ISSN 0730-7829.
Patel, Aniruddh D. (25 March 2014). "The Evolutionary Biology of Musical Rhythm: Was Darwin Wrong ". PLoS Biol 12 (3). doi:10.1371/journal.pbio.1001821. Retrieved 28 March 2014.
Percival, Harold W. (1946). Thinking and Destiny. The Word Foundation, Inc. ISBN 978-0-911650-06-8.
Pieslak, Jonathan (2009). Sound Targets: American Soldiers and Music in the Iraq War. Bloomington and London: Indiana University Press.
Roads, Curtis (2001). Microsound. MIT. ISBN 0-262-18215-7.[full citation needed]
Sacks, Oliver (2007). "Keeping Time: Rhythm and Movement". Musicophilia, Tales of Music and the Brain. New York and Toronto: Alfred A. Knopf. ISBN 978-1-4000-4081-0.[page needed]
Sandow, Greg (2004). "A Fine Madness". In The Pleasure of Modernist Music. ISBN 1-58046-143-3.[full citation needed]
Scholes, Percy (1977a). "Form", in The Oxford Companion to Music, 6th corrected reprint of the 10th ed. (1970), revised and reset, edited by John Owen Ward. London and New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-311306-6.
Scholes, Percy (1977b). "Metre", in The Oxford Companion to Music, 6th corrected reprint of the 10th ed. (1970), revised and reset, edited by John Owen Ward. London and New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-311306-6.
Scholes, Percy (1977c). "Rhythm", in The Oxford Companion to Music, 6th corrected reprint of the 10th ed. (1970), revised and reset, edited by John Owen Ward. London and New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-311306-6.
Slatkin, Leonard. n.d. "Discovering Music: Rhythm with Leonard Slatkin"[full citation needed]
Toussaint, Godfried T.,  The Geometry of Musical Rhythm,  In J. Akiyama, M. Kano, and X. Tan, editors, Proceedings of the Japan Conference on Discrete and Computational Geometry, Vol. 3742, Lecture Notes in Computer Science, Springer, Berlin/Heidelberg, 2005, pp. 198 212.
White, John D. (1976). The Analysis of Music. ISBN 0-13-033233-X.[full citation needed]
Winold, Allen (1975). "Rhythm in Twentieth-Century Music". In Aspects of Twentieth-Century Music, edited by Gary Wittlich, Chapter 3. Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall. ISBN 0-13-049346-5.[page needed]
Woodrow, Herbert. "Time Perception". In A Handbook of Experimental Psychology, edited by Stanley Smith Stevens,[page needed]. New York: Wiley, 1951.
Yeston, Maury. 1976. The Stratification of Musical Rhythm. New Haven and London: Yale University Press. ISBN 0-300-01884-3.
Melody
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
This article is about melody in music. For other senses of this word, see Melody (disambiguation).
"Melodic" redirects here. For other uses, see Melodic (disambiguation).
"Foreground (music)" redirects here. For more specific musical uses, see Structural level.

A bar from J. S. Bach's Fugue No. 17 in A-flat, BWV 862, from The Well-Tempered Clavier (Part I), an example of counterpoint.About this sound Play (help info) The two voices (melodies) on each staff can be distinguished by the direction of the beams.
About this sound Voice 4 (help info), About this sound Voice 3 (help info),
About this sound Voice 2 (help info), About this sound Voice 1 (help info)
A melody (from Greek        , mel id a, "singing, chanting"),[1] also tune, voice, or line, is a linear succession of musical tones that the listener perceives as a single entity. In its most literal sense, a melody is a combination of pitch and rhythm, while more figuratively, the term can include successions of other musical elements such as tonal color. It may be considered the foreground to the background accompaniment. A line or part need not be a foreground melody.

Melodies often consist of one or more musical phrases or motifs, and are usually repeated throughout a composition in various forms. Melodies may also be described by their melodic motion or the pitches or the intervals between pitches (predominantly conjunct or disjunct or with further restrictions), pitch range, tension and release, continuity and coherence, cadence, and shape.

The true goal of music its proper enterprise is melody. All the parts of harmony have as their ultimate purpose only beautiful melody. Therefore, the question of which is the more significant, melody or harmony, is futile. Beyond doubt, the means is subordinate to the end.

  Johann Philipp Kirnberger (1771)[2]
Contents  [hide] 
1 Elements
2 Examples
3 See also
4 References
5 Further reading
6 External links
Elements[edit]
Given the many and varied elements and styles of melody "many extant explanations [of melody] confine us to specific stylistic models, and they are too exclusive."[3] Paul Narveson claimed in 1984 that more than three-quarters of melodic topics had not been explored thoroughly.[4]

The melodies existing in most European music written before the 20th century, and popular music throughout the 20th century, featured "fixed and easily discernible frequency patterns", recurring "events, often periodic, at all structural levels" and "recurrence of durations and patterns of durations".[3]

Melodies in the 20th century "utilized a greater variety of pitch resources than ha[d] been the custom in any other historical period of Western music." While the diatonic scale was still used, the chromatic scale became "widely employed."[3] Composers also allotted a structural role to "the qualitative dimensions" that previously had been "almost exclusively reserved for pitch and rhythm". Kliewer states, "The essential elements of any melody are duration, pitch, and quality (timbre), texture, and loudness.[3] Though the same melody may be recognizable when played with a wide variety of timbres and dynamics, the latter may still be an "element of linear ordering"

Examples[edit]

"Pop Goes the Weasel" melody About this sound Play (help info)

Melody from Anton Webern's Variations for orchestra, Op. 30 (pp. 23 24)[5] About this sound Play (help info)
Different musical styles use melody in different ways. For example:

Jazz musicians use the term "lead" or "head" to refer to the main melody, which is used as a starting point for improvisation.
Rock music, melodic music, and other forms of popular music and folk music tend to pick one or two melodies (verse and chorus) and stick with them; much variety may occur in the phrasing and lyrics.
Indian classical music relies heavily on melody and rhythm, and not so much on harmony, as the music contains no chord changes.
Balinese gamelan music often uses complicated variations and alterations of a single melody played simultaneously, called heterophony.
In western classical music, composers often introduce an initial melody, or theme, and then create variations. Classical music often has several melodic layers, called polyphony, such as those in a fugue, a type of counterpoint. Often, melodies are constructed from motifs or short melodic fragments, such as the opening of Beethoven's Fifth Symphony. Richard Wagner popularized the concept of a leitmotif: a motif or melody associated with a certain idea, person or place.
While in both most popular music and classical music of the common practice period pitch and duration are of primary importance in melodies, the contemporary music of the 20th and 21st centuries pitch and duration have lessened in importance and quality has gained importance, often primary. Examples include musique concr te, klangfarbenmelodie, Elliott Carter's Eight Etudes and a Fantasy (which contains a movement with only one note), the third movement of Ruth Crawford-Seeger's String Quartet 1931 (later re-orchestrated as Andante for string orchestra), which creates the melody from an unchanging set of pitches through "dissonant dynamics" alone, and Gy rgy Ligeti's Aventures, in which recurring phonetics create the linear form.
See also[edit]
Appropriation (music)
Hocket
Parsons code, a simple notation used to identify a piece of music through melodic motion the motion of the pitch up and down.
Sequence (music)
Unified field
Harmony
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
This article is about musical harmony and harmonies. For other uses of the term, see Harmony (disambiguation).
"Disharmony" redirects here. For the episode of Angel, see Disharmony (Angel).

It has been suggested that Four-part harmony be merged into this article. (Discuss) Proposed since May 2015.

Barbershop quartets, such as this US Navy group, sing 4-part pieces, made up of a melody line (normally the lead) and 3 harmony parts.
In music, harmony is the use of simultaneous pitches (tones, notes), or chords.[1] The study of harmony involves chords and their construction and chord progressions and the principles of connection that govern them.[2] Harmony is often said to refer to the "vertical" aspect of music, as distinguished from melodic line, or the "horizontal" aspect.[3] Counterpoint, which refers to the interweaving of melodic lines, and polyphony, which refers to the relationship of separate independent voices, are thus sometimes distinguished from harmony.

In popular and jazz harmony, chords are named by their root plus various terms and characters indicating their qualities. In many types of music, notably baroque, romantic, modern, and jazz, chords are often augmented with "tensions". A tension is an additional chord member that creates a relatively dissonant interval in relation to the bass. Typically, in the classical common practice period a dissonant chord (chord with tension) "resolves" to a consonant chord. Harmonization usually sounds pleasant to the ear when there is a balance between the consonant and dissonant sounds. In simple words, that occurs when there is a balance between "tense" and "relaxed" moments.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Etymology and definitions
2 Historical rules
3 Types
4 Intervals
5 Chords and tension
6 Perception of harmony
7 Consonance and dissonance in balance
8 See also
9 References
9.1 Footnotes
9.2 Notations
10  External links
11  Further reading
Etymology and definitions[edit]
The term harmony derives from the Greek         (harmon a), meaning "joint, agreement, concord",[4] from the verb        (harmozo), "to fit together, to join".[5] The term was often used for the whole field of music, while "music" referred to the arts in general. In Ancient Greece, the term defined the combination of contrasted elements: a higher and lower note.[6] Nevertheless, it is unclear whether the simultaneous sounding of notes was part of ancient Greek musical practice; "harmon a" may have merely provided a system of classification of the relationships between different pitches. In the Middle Ages the term was used to describe two pitches sounding in combination, and in the Renaissance the concept was expanded to denote three pitches sounding together.[6] Aristoxenus wrote a work entitled Harmonika Stoicheia, which is thought the first work in European history written on the subject of harmony.[7]


Rameau's 'Trait  de l'harmonie' (Treatise on Harmony) from 1722.
It was not until the publication of Rameau's 'Trait  de l'harmonie' (Treatise on Harmony) in 1722 that any text discussing musical practice made use of the term in the title, though that work is not the earliest record of theoretical discussion of the topic. The underlying principle behind these texts is that harmony sanctions harmoniousness (sounds that 'please') by conforming to certain pre-established compositional principles.[8]

Current dictionary definitions, while attempting to give concise descriptions, often highlight the ambiguity of the term in modern use. Ambiguities tend to arise from either aesthetic considerations (for example the view that only "pleasing" concords may be harmonious) or from the point of view of musical texture (distinguishing between "harmonic" (simultaneously sounding pitches) and "contrapuntal" (successively sounding tones).[8] In the words of Arnold Whittall:

While the entire history of music theory appears to depend on just such a distinction between harmony and counterpoint, it is no less evident that developments in the nature of musical composition down the centuries have presumed the interdependence at times amounting to integration, at other times a source of sustained tension between the vertical and horizontal dimensions of musical space.

  [8]
The view that modern tonal harmony in Western music began in about 1600 is commonplace in music theory. This is usually accounted for by the 'replacement' of horizontal (of contrapuntal) writing, common in the music of the Renaissance, with a new emphasis on the 'vertical' element of composed music. Modern theorists, however, tend to see this as an unsatisfactory generalisation. As Carl Dahlhaus puts it:

It was not that counterpoint was supplanted by harmony (Bach s tonal counterpoint is surely no less polyphonic than Palestrina s modal writing) but that an older type both of counterpoint and of vertical technique was succeeded by a newer type. And harmony comprises not only the (vertical ) structure of chords but also their (horizontal ) movement. Like music as a whole, harmony is a process.

  [9][10]
Descriptions and definitions of harmony and harmonic practice may show bias towards European (or Western) musical traditions. For example, South Asian art music (Hindustani and Carnatic music) is frequently cited as placing little emphasis on what is perceived in western practice as conventional 'harmony'; the underlying 'harmonic' foundation for most South Asian music is the drone, a held open fifth (or fourth) that does not alter in pitch throughout the course of a composition.[11] Pitch simultaneity in particular is rarely a major consideration. Nevertheless, many other considerations of pitch are relevant to the music, its theory and its structure, such as the complex system of R gas, which combines both melodic and modal considerations and codifications within it.[12]

So, intricate pitch combinations that sound simultaneously do occur in Indian classical music but they are rarely studied as teleological harmonic or contrapuntal progressions as with notated Western music. This contrasting emphasis (with regard to Indian music in particular) manifests itself in the different methods of performance adopted: in Indian Music improvisation takes a major role in the structural framework of a piece,[13] whereas in Western Music improvisation has been uncommon since the end of the 19th century.[14] Where it does occur in Western music (or has in the past), the improvisation either embellishes pre-notated music or draws from musical models previously established in notated compositions, and therefore uses familiar harmonic schemes.[15]

Nevertheless, emphasis on the precomposed in European art music and the written theory surrounding it shows considerable cultural bias. The Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians (Oxford University Press) identifies this clearly:

In Western culture the musics that are most dependent on improvisation, such as jazz, have traditionally been regarded as inferior to art music, in which pre-composition is considered paramount. The conception of musics that live in oral traditions as something composed with the use of improvisatory techniques separates them from the higher-standing works that use notation.

  [16]
Yet the evolution of harmonic practice and language itself, in Western art music, is and was facilitated by this process of prior composition (which permitted the study and analysis by theorists and composers alike of individual pre-constructed works in which pitches (and to some extent rhythms) remained unchanged regardless of the nature of the performance).[17]

Historical rules[edit]
Some traditions of Western music performance, composition, and theory have specific rules of harmony. These rules are often described as based on natural properties such as Pythagorean tuning's law whole number ratios ("harmoniousness" being inherent in the ratios either perceptually or in themselves) or harmonics and resonances ("harmoniousness" being inherent in the quality of sound), with the allowable pitches and harmonies gaining their beauty or simplicity from their closeness to those properties. This model provides that the minor seventh and (major) ninth are not dissonant (i.e., are consonant). While Pythagorean ratios can provide a rough approximation of perceptual harmonicity, they cannot account for cultural factors.[citation needed]

Early Western religious music often features parallel perfect intervals; these intervals would preserve the clarity of the original plainsong. These works were created and performed in cathedrals, and made use of the resonant modes of their respective cathedrals to create harmonies. As polyphony developed, however, the use of parallel intervals was slowly replaced by the English style of consonance that used thirds and sixths.[when ] The English style was considered to have a sweeter sound, and was better suited to polyphony in that it offered greater linear flexibility in part-writing. Early music also forbade usage of the tritone, due to its dissonance, and composers often went to considerable lengths, via musica ficta, to avoid using it. In the newer triadic harmonic system, however, the tritone became permissible, as the standardization of functional dissonance made its use in dominant chords desirable.

Most harmony comes from two or more notes sounding simultaneously but a work can imply harmony with only one melodic line by using arpeggios or hocket. Many pieces from the baroque period for solo string instruments such as Bach's Sonatas and partitas for solo violin and cello convey subtle harmony through inference rather than full chordal structures. These works create a sense of harmonies by using arpeggiated chords and implied basslines. The implied basslines are created with low notes of short duration that many listeners perceive as being the bass note of a chord. (See below):


Example of implied harmonies in J.S. Bach's Cello Suite no. 1 in G, BWV 1007, bars 1-2. About this sound Play (help info) or About this sound Play harmony (help info)
Types[edit]

Close position C major triad. About this sound Play (help info)

Open position C major triad. About this sound Play (help info)
Carl Dahlhaus (1990) distinguishes between coordinate and subordinate harmony. Subordinate harmony is the hierarchical tonality or tonal harmony well known today. Coordinate harmony is the older Medieval and Renaissance tonalit  ancienne, "The term is meant to signify that sonorities are linked one after the other without giving rise to the impression of a goal-directed development. A first chord forms a 'progression' with a second chord, and a second with a third. But the former chord progression is independent of the later one and vice versa." Coordinate harmony follows direct (adjacent) relationships rather than indirect as in subordinate. Interval cycles create symmetrical harmonies, which have been extensively used by the composers Alban Berg, George Perle, Arnold Schoenberg, B la Bart k, and Edgard Var se's Density 21.5.

Close harmony and open harmony use close position and open position chords, respectively. See: voicing (music) and close and open harmony.

Other types of harmony are based upon the intervals of the chords used in that harmony. Most chords in western music are based on "tertian" harmony, or chords built with the interval of thirds. In the chord C Major7, C-E is a major third; E-G is a minor third; and G to B is a major third. Other types of harmony consist of quartal and quintal harmony.

A unison is considered a harmonic interval, just like a fifth or a third, but is unique in that it is two identical notes produced together. Many people say[weasel words] harmony must involve intervals like thirds, fifths, and sevenths but unison counts as harmony and is important, especially in orchestration. In Pop music, unison singing is usually called doubling, a technique The Beatles used in many of their earlier recordings. As a type of harmony, singing in unison or playing the same notes, often using different musical instruments, at the same time is commonly called monophonic harmonization.

Intervals[edit]
An interval is the relationship between two separate musical pitches. For example, in the melody Twinkle Twinkle Little Star, the first two notes (the first "twinkle") and the second two notes (the second "twinkle") are at the interval of one fifth. What this means is that if the first two notes were the pitch C, the second two notes would be the pitch "G" four scale notes, or seven chromatic notes (a perfect fifth), above it.

The following are common intervals:

Root  Major third Minor third Fifth
C E E   G
D   F F   A 
D F   F A
E   G G   B 
E G   G B
F A A   C
F   A   A C 
G B B   D
A   C C   E 
A C   C E
B   D D   F
B D   D F 
Therefore, the combination of notes with their specific intervals  a chord  creates harmony. For example, in a C chord, there are three notes: C, E, and G. The note C is the root. The notes E and G provide harmony, and in a G7 (G dominant 7th) chord, the root G with each subsequent note (in this case B, D and F) provide the harmony.

In the musical scale, there are twelve pitches. Each pitch is referred to as a "degree" of the scale. The names A, B, C, D, E, F, and G are insignificant. The intervals, however, are not. Here is an example:

1   2   3   4   5   6   7   8 
C D E F G A B C
D E F   G A B C   D
As can be seen, no note always corresponds to a certain degree of the scale. The tonic, or 1st-degree note, can be any of the 12 notes (pitch classes) of the chromatic scale. All the other notes fall into place. For example, when C is the tonic, the fourth degree or subdominant is F. When D is the tonic, the fourth degree is G. While the note names remain constant, they may refer to different scale degrees, implying different intervals with respect to the tonic. The great power of this fact is that any musical work can be played or sung in any key. It is the same piece of music, as long as the intervals are the same thus transposing the melody into the corresponding key. When the intervals surpass the perfect Octave (12 semitones), these intervals are called compound intervals, which include particularly the 9th, 11th, and 13th Intervals widely used in jazz and blues Music.

Compound Intervals are formed and named as follows:

2nd + Octave = 9th
3rd + octave = 10th
4th + Octave = 11th
5th + octave = 12th
6th + Octave = 13th
7th + octave = 14th
The reason the two numbers don't "add" correctly is that one note is counted twice. Apart from this categorization, intervals can also be divided into consonant and dissonant. As explained in the following paragraphs, consonant intervals produce a sensation of relaxation and dissonant intervals a sensation of tension. In tonal music, the term consonant also means "brings resolution" (to some degree at least, whereas dissonance "requires resolution").

The consonant intervals are considered the perfect unison, octave, fifth, fourth and major and minor third and sixth, and their compound forms. An interval is referred to as "perfect" when the harmonic relationship is found in the natural overtone series (namely, the unison 1:1, octave 2:1, fifth 3:2, and fourth 4:3). The other basic intervals (second, third, sixth, and seventh) are called "imperfect" because the harmonic relationships are not found mathematically exact in the overtone series. In classical music the perfect fourth above the bass may be considered dissonant when its function is contrapuntal. Other intervals, the second and the seventh (and their compound forms) are considered Dissonant and require resolution (of the produced tension) and usually preparation (depending on the music style).

Note that the effect of dissonance is perceived relatively within musical context: for example, a major seventh interval alone (i.e., C up to B) may be perceived as dissonant, but the same interval as part of a major seventh chord may sound relatively consonant. A tritone (the interval of the fourth step to the seventh step of the major scale, i.e., F to B) sounds very dissonant alone, but less so within the context of a dominant seventh chord (G7 or D 7 in that example).

Chords and tension[edit]
Main articles: Chord (music) and Consonance and dissonance
In the Western tradition, in music after the seventeenth century, harmony is manipulated using chords, which are combinations of pitch classes. In tertian harmony, so named after the interval of a third, the members of chords are found and named by stacking intervals of the third, starting with the "root", then the "third" above the root, and the "fifth" above the root (which is a third above the third), etc. (Note that chord members are named after their interval above the root.) Dyads, the simplest chords, contain only two members (see power chords).

A chord with three members is called a triad because it has three members, not because it is necessarily built in thirds (see Quartal and quintal harmony for chords built with other intervals). Depending on the size of the intervals being stacked, different qualities of chords are formed. In popular and jazz harmony, chords are named by their root plus various terms and characters indicating their qualities. To keep the nomenclature as simple as possible, some defaults are accepted (not tabulated here). For example, the chord members C, E, and G, form a C Major triad, called by default simply a C chord. In an A  chord (pronounced A-flat), the members are A , C, and E .

In many types of music, notably baroque, romantic, modern and jazz, chords are often augmented with "tensions". A tension is an additional chord member that creates a relatively dissonant interval in relation to the bass. Following the tertian practice of building chords by stacking thirds, the simplest first tension is added to a triad by stacking on top of the existing root, third, and fifth, another third above the fifth, giving a new, potentially dissonant member the interval of a seventh away from the root and therefore called the "seventh" of the chord, and producing a four-note chord, called a "seventh chord".

Depending on the widths of the individual thirds stacked to build the chord, the interval between the root and the seventh of the chord may be major, minor, or diminished. (The interval of an augmented seventh reproduces the root, and is therefore left out of the chordal nomenclature.) The nomenclature allows that, by default, "C7" indicates a chord with a root, third, fifth, and seventh spelled C, E, G, and B . Other types of seventh chords must be named more explicitly, such as "C Major 7" (spelled C, E, G, B), "C augmented 7" (here the word augmented applies to the fifth, not the seventh, spelled C, E, G , B ), etc. (For a more complete exposition of nomenclature see Chord (music).)

Continuing to stack thirds on top of a seventh chord produces extensions, and brings in the "extended tensions" or "upper tensions" (those more than an octave above the root when stacked in thirds), the ninths, elevenths, and thirteenths. This creates the chords named after them. (Note that except for dyads and triads, tertian chord types are named for the interval of the largest size and magnitude in use in the stack, not for the number of chord members : thus a ninth chord has five members [tonic, 3rd, 5th, 7th, 9th], not nine.) Extensions beyond the thirteenth reproduce existing chord members and are (usually) left out of the nomenclature. Complex harmonies based on extended chords are found in abundance in jazz, late-romantic music, modern orchestral works, film music, etc.

Typically, in the classical Common practice period a dissonant chord (chord with tension) resolves to a consonant chord. Harmonization usually sounds pleasant to the ear when there is a balance between the consonant and dissonant sounds. In simple words, that occurs when there is a balance between "tense" and "relaxed" moments. For this reason, usually tension is 'prepared' and then 'resolved'.[18]

Preparing tension means to place a series of consonant chords that lead smoothly to the dissonant chord. In this way the composer ensures introducing tension smoothly, without disturbing the listener. Once the piece reaches its sub-climax, the listener needs a moment of relaxation to clear up the tension, which is obtained by playing a consonant chord that resolves the tension of the previous chords. The clearing of this tension usually sounds pleasant to the listener, though this is not always the case in late-nineteenth century music, such as Tristan und Isolde by Richard Wagner.[18]

Perception of harmony[edit]
Harmony is based on consonance, a concept whose definition has changed various times during the history of Western music. In a psychological approach, consonance is a continuous variable. Consonance can vary across a wide range. A chord may sound consonant for various reasons.

One is lack of perceptual roughness. Roughness happens when partials (frequency components) lie within a critical bandwidth, which is a measure of the ear's ability to separate different frequencies. Critical bandwidth lies between 2 and 3 semitones at high frequencies and becomes larger at lower frequencies. The roughness of two simultaneous harmonic complex tones depends on the amplitudes of the harmonics and the interval between the tones. The roughest interval in the chromatic scale is the minor second and its inversion the major seventh. For typical spectral envelopes in the central range, the second roughest interval is the major second and minor seventh, followed by the tritone, the minor third (major sixth), the major third (minor sixth) and the perfect fourth (fifth).


The harmonious major triad is composed of three tones. Their frequency ratio corresponds approximately 6:5:4. In real performances, however, the third is often larger than 5:4. The ratio 5:4 corresponds to an interval of 386 cents, but an equally tempered major third is 400 cents and a Pythagorean third with a ratio of 81:64 is 408 cents. Measurements of frequencies in good performances confirm that the size of the major third varies across this range and can even lie outside it without sounding out of tune. Thus, there is no simple connection between frequency ratios and harmonic function.
The second reason is perceptual fusion. A chord fuses in perception if its overall spectrum is similar to a harmonic series. According to this definition a major triad fuses better than a minor triad and a major-minor seventh chord fuses better than a major-major seventh or minor-minor seventh. These differences may not be readily apparent in tempered contexts but can explain why major triads are generally more prevalent than minor triads and major-minor sevenths generally more prevalent than other sevenths (in spite of the dissonance of the tritone interval) in mainstream tonal music. Of course these comparisons depend on style.

The third reason is familiarity. Chords that have often been heard in musical contexts tend to sound more consonant. This principle explains the gradual historical increase in harmonic complexity of Western music. For example, around 1600 unprepared seventh chords gradually became familiar and were therefore gradually perceived as more consonant.

Western music is based on major and minor triads. The reason why these chords are so central is that they are consonant in terms of both fusion and lack of roughness. they fuse because they include the perfect fourth/fifth interval. They lack roughness because they lack major and minor second intervals. No other combination of three tones in the chromatic scale satisfies these criteria.

Consonance and dissonance in balance[edit]
Post-nineteenth century music has evolved in the way that tension may be less often prepared and less formally structured than in Baroque or Classical periods, thus producing new styles such as post-romantic harmony, impressionism, pantonality, Jazz and Blues, where dissonance may not be prepared in the way seen in 'common practice' harmony. In a jazz or blues song, the tonic chord may be a dominant seventh chord.

The creation and destruction of harmonic and 'statistical' tensions is essential to the maintenance of compositional drama. Any composition (or improvisation) which remains consistent and 'regular' throughout is, for me, equivalent to watching a movie with only 'good guys' in it, or eating cottage cheese.

  Frank Zappa, "The Real Frank Zappa Book" page 181, Frank Zappa and Peter Occhiogrosso, 1990
See also[edit]
Traditional sub-Saharan African harmony
Chromatic chord
Chromatic mediant
Homophony (music)
List of musical terminology
Mathematics of musical scales
Musica universalis
Organum (polyphonic chant)
Peter Westergaard's tonal theory
Prolongation
Physics of music
Tonality
Unified field
Voice leading
Musician
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
"Instrumentalist" redirects here. For the philosophical position on science, see Instrumentalism.
"Music artist" redirects here. For the occupation, see Music artist (occupation).

Guy Pratt, a professional session musician, playing bass guitar.
A musician (or instrumentalist) is a person who plays a musical instrument or is musically talented.[1] Anyone who composes, conducts, or performs music may also be referred to as a musician.[2]

Musicians can specialize in any musical style, and some musicians play in a variety of different styles. Examples of a musician's possible skills include performing, conducting, singing, composing, arranging, and the orchestration of music.[3]

Contents  [hide] 
1 Medieval musicians
1.1 Notable musicians
2 Renaissance musicians
2.1 Notable musicians
3 Baroque musicians
3.1 Notable musicians
4 Classical musicians
4.1 Notable musicians
5 Romantic musicians
5.1 Notable musicians
6 20th century
7 See also
8 References
9 External links
Medieval musicians[edit]

"A chantar m'er de so qu'eu no volria"
MENU0:00
Written by Beatritz de Dia.
Problems playing this file  See media help.
Further information: Medieval music
In the Middle Ages, instrumental musicians performed with soft ensembles inside and loud instruments outdoors. Many European musicians of this time catered to the Roman Catholic Church, providing arrangements structured around Gregorian chant structure and Masses from church texts.[4]

Notable musicians[edit]
Phillipe de Vitry
Guillaume Dufay
Guillaume de Machaut
Hildegard of Bingen
John Jenkins
Beatritz de Dia
Renaissance musicians[edit]

"Combattimento"
MENU0:00
Written by Claudio Monteverdi.
Problems playing this file  See media help.
Further information: Renaissance music
Renaissance musicians produced music that could be played during masses in churches and important chapels. Vocal pieces were in Latin the language of church texts of the time and typically were Church-polyphonic or "made up of several simultaneous melodies." By the end of the 16th century, however, patronage split among many areas: the Catholic Church, Protestant churches, royal courts, wealthy amateurs, and music printing all provided income sources for composers.[5]

Notable musicians[edit]
Giovanni Palestrina
Giovanni Gabrieli
Thomas Tallis
Claudio Monteverdi
Leonardo da Vinci
Baroque musicians[edit]

"Hallelujah Chorus"
MENU0:00
from George Frideric Handel's The Messiah.
Problems playing this file  See media help.
Further information: Baroque music
The Baroque period (about 1600 to 1750) introduced heavy use of counterpoint and basso continuo characteristics. Vocal and instrumental  color  became more important compared to the Renaissance style of music, and emphasized much of the volume, texture and pace of each piece.[6]

Notable musicians[edit]
George Frideric Handel
Johann Sebastian Bach
Antonio Vivaldi
Classical musicians[edit]

"Piano Sonata No. 8 in A minor"
MENU0:00
Composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
Problems playing this file  See media help.
Further information: Classical music
Classical music was created by musicians who lived during a time of a rising middle class. Many middle-class inhabitants of France at the time lived under long-time absolute monarchies. Because of this, much of the music was performed in environments that were more constrained compared to the flourishing times of the Renaissance and Baroque eras.[7]

Notable musicians[edit]
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Joseph Haydn
Ludwig Van Beethoven
Romantic musicians[edit]

"Piano Concerto No. 4 in G Major- Andante con moto"
MENU0:00
Composed by Ludwig van Beethoven.
Problems playing this file  See media help.
Further information: Romantic music
The foundation of Romantic period music coincides with what is often called the age of revolutions, an age of upheavals in political, economic, social, and military traditions. This age included the initial transformations of the Industrial Revolution. A revolutionary energy was also at the core of Romanticism, which quite consciously set out to transform not only the theory and practice of poetry and art, but the common perception of the world. Some major Romantic Period precepts survive, and still affect modern culture.[8]

Notable musicians[edit]
Ludwig van Beethoven
Fr d ric Chopin
Franz Schubert
Franz Liszt
Richard Wagner
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
Johannes Brahms
Johann Strauss II
20th century[edit]

"3 Pieces for Clarinet Alone"
MENU0:00
Composed by Igor Stravinsky, who also arranged The Rite of Spring
Problems playing this file  See media help.
Further information: 20th-century music
The world transitioned from 19th-century Romanticism to 20th century Modernism, bringing major musical changes. In 20th-century music, composers and musicians rejected the emotion-dominated Romantic period, and strove to represent the world the way they perceived it. Artists wrote to be "...objective, while objects existed on their own terms. While past eras concentrated on spirituality, this new period placed emphasis on physicality and things that were concrete."[9]

The advent of audio recording and mass media in the 20th century caused a boom of all kinds of music popular music, rock music, electronic music, folk music and all forms of classical music.[10]

See also[edit]
Singer
Composer
Music artist (occupation)
Tour Manager
Singing
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Singer)
"Vocalist" redirects here. See also: Lead vocalist and Backing vocalist.
"Sings", "Vocals", and "Singer" redirect here. For other uses, see Sings (disambiguation), Vocals (disambiguation), and Singer (disambiguation).
"Songstress" redirects here. For the album, see The Songstress.
"Clean vocals" redirects here. This term is used in the context of aggressive music to differentiate singing from screaming or growling, which are called "unclean vocals".

American jazz singer and songwriter Billie Holiday in New York City in 1947

American singer Harry Belafonte in 1954.
Singing is the act of producing musical sounds with the voice, and augments regular speech by the use of tonality, rhythm, the use of sustained tones and a variety of vocal techniques. A person who sings is called a singer or vocalist. Singers perform music (arias, recitatives, songs, etc.) that can be sung without accompaniment or with accompaniment by musical instruments. Singing is often done in a group of other musicians, such as in a choir of singers with different voice ranges, or in an ensemble with instrumentalists, such as a rock group or baroque ensemble. Singers may also perform as soloist with accompaniment from a piano (as in art song and in some jazz styles) or with a symphony orchestra or big band. There are a range of different singing styles, including art music styles such as opera and Chinese opera, religious music styles such as Gospel, traditional music styles, world music, jazz, blues and popular music styles such as pop and rock.

Singing can be formal or informal, arranged or improvised. It may be done for religious devotion, as a hobby, as a source of pleasure, comfort, or ritual, as part of music education, or as a profession. Excellence in singing requires time, dedication, instruction, and regular practice. If practice is done on a regular basis then the sounds can become more clear and strong.[1] Professional singers usually build their careers around one specific musical genre, such as classical or rock, although there are singers with crossover success (singing in more than one genre). They typically take voice training provided by voice teachers or vocal coaches throughout their careers.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Voices
1.1 Vocal registration
1.2 Vocal resonation
1.3 Chest voice and head voice
1.3.1 History and development
1.4 Classifying singing voices
2 Vocal pedagogy
2.1 Vocal technique
2.1.1 Developing the singing voice
2.1.1.1 Extending vocal range
2.1.1.2 Posture
2.1.1.3 Breathing and breath support
2.1.1.4 Vibrato
3 Vocal music
3.1 Genres of vocal music
3.1.1 Popular and traditional music
4 Careers
5 Singing competitions
6 Health benefits
6.1 Singing and the brain
6.2 Singing and language
7 Accents and singing
8 Singing in certain species
9 See also
9.1 Art music
9.2 Other music
10  References
11  Further reading
12  External links
Voices[edit]

A labeled anatomical diagram of the vocal folds or cords
In its physical aspect, singing has a well-defined technique that depends on the use of the lungs, which act as an air supply, or bellows; on the larynx, which acts as a reed or vibrator; on the chest and head cavities, which have the function of an amplifier, as the tube in a wind instrument; and on the tongue, which together with the palate, teeth, and lips articulate and impose consonants and vowels on the amplified sound. Though these four mechanisms function independently, they are nevertheless coordinated in the establishment of a vocal technique and are made to interact upon one another.[2] During passive breathing, air is inhaled with the diaphragm while exhalation occurs without any effort. Exhalation may be aided by the abdominal, internal intercostal and lower pelvis/pelvic muscles. Inhalation is aided by use of external intercostals, scalenes and sternocleidomastoid muscles. The pitch is altered with the vocal cords. With the lips closed, this is called humming.

The sound of each individual's singing voice is entirely unique not only because of the actual shape and size of an individual's vocal cords but also due to the size and shape of the rest of that person's body. Humans have vocal folds which can loosen, tighten, or change their thickness, and over which breath can be transferred at varying pressures. The shape of the chest and neck, the position of the tongue, and the tightness of otherwise unrelated muscles can be altered. Any one of these actions results in a change in pitch, volume (loudness), timbre, or tone of the sound produced. Sound also resonates within different parts of the body and an individual's size and bone structure can affect the sound produced by an individual.

Singers can also learn to project sound in certain ways so that it resonates better within their vocal tract. This is known as vocal resonation. Another major influence on vocal sound and production is the function of the larynx which people can manipulate in different ways to produce different sounds. These different kinds of laryngeal function are described as different kinds of vocal registers.[3] The primary method for singers to accomplish this is through the use of the Singer's Formant; which has been shown to match particularly well to the most sensitive part of the ear's frequency range.[4][5]

It has also been shown that a more powerful voice may be achieved with a fatter and fluid-like vocal fold mucosa.[6][7] The more pliable the mucosa, the more efficient the transfer of energy from the airflow to the vocal folds.[8]

Vocal registration[edit]
Main article: Vocal registration
Vocal registers
Highest
  Whistle
  Falsetto
  Modal
  Vocal fry
Lowest
v t e
Vocal registration refers to the system of vocal registers within the voice. A register in the voice is a particular series of tones, produced in the same vibratory pattern of the vocal folds, and possessing the same quality. Registers originate in laryngeal function. They occur because the vocal folds are capable of producing several different vibratory patterns.[9] Each of these vibratory patterns appears within a particular range of pitches and produces certain characteristic sounds.[10] The occurrence of registers has also been attributed to effects of the acoustic interaction between the vocal fold oscillation and the vocal tract.[11] The term "register" can be somewhat confusing as it encompasses several aspects of the voice. The term register can be used to refer to any of the following:[12]

A particular part of the vocal range such as the upper, middle, or lower registers.
A resonance area such as chest voice or head voice.
A phonatory process (phonation is the process of producing vocal sound by the vibration of the vocal folds that is in turn modified by the resonance of the vocal tract)
A certain vocal timbre or vocal "color"
A region of the voice which is defined or delimited by vocal breaks.
In linguistics, a register language is a language which combines tone and vowel phonation into a single phonological system. Within speech pathology the term vocal register has three constituent elements: a certain vibratory pattern of the vocal folds, a certain series of pitches, and a certain type of sound. Speech pathologists identify four vocal registers based on the physiology of laryngeal function: the vocal fry register, the modal register, the falsetto register, and the whistle register. This view is also adopted by many vocal pedagogues.[12]

Vocal resonation[edit]
Main article: Vocal resonation
Illu01 head neck.jpg
Vocal resonation is the process by which the basic product of phonation is enhanced in timbre and/or intensity by the air-filled cavities through which it passes on its way to the outside air. Various terms related to the resonation process include amplification, enrichment, enlargement, improvement, intensification, and prolongation, although in strictly scientific usage acoustic authorities would question most of them. The main point to be drawn from these terms by a singer or speaker is that the end result of resonation is, or should be, to make a better sound.[12] There are seven areas that may be listed as possible vocal resonators. In sequence from the lowest within the body to the highest, these areas are the chest, the tracheal tree, the larynx itself, the pharynx, the oral cavity, the nasal cavity, and the sinuses.[13]

Chest voice and head voice[edit]
Main articles: Chest voice and Head voice
Chest voice and head voice are terms used within vocal music. The use of these terms varies widely within vocal pedagogical circles and there is currently no one consistent opinion among vocal music professionals in regards to these terms. Chest voice can be used in relation to a particular part of the vocal range or type of vocal register; a vocal resonance area; or a specific vocal timbre.[12] Head voice can be used in relation to a particular part of the vocal range or type of vocal register or a vocal resonance area.[12]

History and development[edit]
The first recorded mention of the terms chest voice and head voice was around the 13th century, when it was distinguished from the "throat voice" (pectoris, guttoris, capitis at this time it is likely that head voice referred to the falsetto register) by the writers Johannes de Garlandia and Jerome of Moravia.[14] The terms were later adopted within bel canto, the Italian opera singing method, where chest voice was identified as the lowest and head voice the highest of three vocal registers: the chest, passagio and head registers.[15] This approach is still taught by some vocal pedagogists today. Another current popular approach that is based on the bel canto model is to divide both men and women's voices into three registers. Men's voices are divided into "chest register", "head register", and "falsetto register" and woman's voices into "chest register", "middle register", and "head register". Such pedagogists teach that the head register is a vocal technique used in singing to describe the resonance felt in the singer's head.[16]

However, as knowledge of physiology has increased over the past two hundred years, so has the understanding of the physical process of singing and vocal production. As a result, many vocal pedagogists, such as Ralph Appelman at Indiana University and William Vennard at the University of Southern California, have redefined or even abandoned the use of the terms chest voice and head voice.[15] In particular, the use of the terms chest register and head register have become controversial since vocal registration is more commonly seen today as a product of laryngeal function that is unrelated to the physiology of the chest, lungs, and head. For this reason, many vocal pedagogists argue that it is meaningless to speak of registers being produced in the chest or head. They argue that the vibratory sensations which are felt in these areas are resonance phenomena and should be described in terms related to vocal resonance, not to registers. These vocal pedagogists prefer the terms chest voice and head voice over the term register. This view believes that the problems which people identify as register problems are really problems of resonance adjustment. This view is also in alignment with the views of other academic fields that study vocal registration including: speech pathology, phonetics, and linguistics. Although both methods are still in use, current vocal pedagogical practice tends to adopt the newer more scientific view. Also, some vocal pedagogists take ideas from both viewpoints.[12]

The contemporary use of the term chest voice often refers to a specific kind of vocal coloration or vocal timbre. In classical singing, its use is limited entirely to the lower part of the modal register or normal voice. Within other forms of singing, chest voice is often applied throughout the modal register. Chest timbre can add a wonderful array of sounds to a singer's vocal interpretive palette.[17] However, the use of overly strong chest voice in the higher registers in an attempt to hit higher notes in the chest can lead to forcing. Forcing can lead consequently to vocal deterioration.[18]

Classifying singing voices[edit]
Main articles: Voice type and Voice classification in non-classical music
Voice type
Female
Soprano
Mezzo-soprano
Contralto
Male
Countertenor
Tenor
Baritone
Bass
v t e
In European classical music and opera, voices are treated like musical instruments. Composers who write vocal music must have an understanding of the skills, talents, and vocal properties of singers. Voice classification is the process by which human singing voices are evaluated and are thereby designated into voice types. These qualities include but are not limited to: vocal range, vocal weight, vocal tessitura, vocal timbre, and vocal transition points such as breaks and lifts within the voice. Other considerations are physical characteristics, speech level, scientific testing, and vocal registration.[19] The science behind voice classification developed within European classical music has been slow in adapting to more modern forms of singing. Voice classification is often used within opera to associate possible roles with potential voices. There are currently several different systems in use within classical music including: the German Fach system and the choral music system among many others. No system is universally applied or accepted.[15]

However, most classical music systems acknowledge seven different major voice categories. Women are typically divided into three groups: soprano, mezzo-soprano, and contralto. Men are usually divided into four groups: countertenor, tenor, baritone, and bass. When considering voices of pre-pubescent children an eighth term, treble, can be applied. Within each of these major categories there are several sub-categories that identify specific vocal qualities like coloratura facility and vocal weight to differentiate between voices.[12]

It should be noted that within choral music, singers' voices are divided solely on the basis of vocal range. Choral music most commonly divides vocal parts into high and low voices within each sex (SATB, or soprano, alto, tenor, and bass). As a result, the typical choral situation affords many opportunities for misclassification to occur.[12] Since most people have medium voices, they must be assigned to a part that is either too high or too low for them; the mezzo-soprano must sing soprano or alto and the baritone must sing tenor or bass. Either option can present problems for the singer, but for most singers there are fewer dangers in singing too low than in singing too high.[20]

Within contemporary forms of music (sometimes referred to as contemporary commercial music), singers are classified by the style of music they sing, such as jazz, pop, blues, soul, country, folk, and rock styles. There is currently no authoritative voice classification system within non-classical music. Attempts have been made to adopt classical voice type terms to other forms of singing but such attempts have been met with controversy.[21] The development of voice categorizations were made with the understanding that the singer would be using classical vocal technique within a specified range using unamplified (no microphones) vocal production. Since contemporary musicians use different vocal techniques, microphones, and are not forced to fit into a specific vocal role, applying such terms as soprano, tenor, baritone, etc. can be misleading or even inaccurate.[22]

Vocal pedagogy[edit]
Main article: Vocal pedagogy

Ercole de' Roberti: Concert, c. 1490
Vocal pedagogy is the study of the teaching of singing. The art and science of vocal pedagogy has a long history that began in Ancient Greece[citation needed] and continues to develop and change today. Professions that practice the art and science of vocal pedagogy include vocal coaches, choral directors, vocal music educators, opera directors, and other teachers of singing.

Vocal pedagogy concepts are a part of developing proper vocal technique. Typical areas of study include the following:[23][24]

Anatomy and physiology as it relates to the physical process of singing
Vocal health and voice disorders related to singing
Breathing and air support for singing
Phonation
Vocal resonation or Voice projection
Vocal registration: a particular series of tones, produced in the same vibratory pattern of the vocal folds, and possessing the same quality, which originate in laryngeal function, because each of these vibratory patterns appears within a particular range of pitches and produces certain characteristic sounds.
Voice classification
Vocal styles: for classical singers, this includes styles ranging from Lieder to opera; for pop singers, styles can include "belted out" a blues ballads; for jazz singers, styles can include Swing ballads and scatting.
Techniques used in styles such as sostenuto and legato, range extension, tone quality, vibrato, and coloratura
Vocal technique[edit]
Singing when done with proper vocal technique is an integrated and coordinated act that effectively coordinates the physical processes of singing. There are four physical processes involved in producing vocal sound: respiration, phonation, resonation, and articulation. These processes occur in the following sequence:

Breath is taken
Sound is initiated in the larynx
The vocal resonators receive the sound and influence it
The articulators shape the sound into recognizable units
Although these four processes are often considered separately when studied, in actual practice they merge into one coordinated function. With an effective singer or speaker, one should rarely be reminded of the process involved as their mind and body are so coordinated that one only perceives the resulting unified function. Many vocal problems result from a lack of coordination within this process.[22]

Since singing is a coordinated act, it is difficult to discuss any of the individual technical areas and processes without relating them to the others. For example, phonation only comes into perspective when it is connected with respiration; the articulators affect resonance; the resonators affect the vocal folds; the vocal folds affect breath control; and so forth. Vocal problems are often a result of a breakdown in one part of this coordinated process which causes voice teachers to frequently focus in intensively on one area of the process with their student until that issue is resolved. However, some areas of the art of singing are so much the result of coordinated functions that it is hard to discuss them under a traditional heading like phonation, resonation, articulation, or respiration.

Once the voice student has become aware of the physical processes that make up the act of singing and of how those processes function, the student begins the task of trying to coordinate them. Inevitably, students and teachers will become more concerned with one area of the technique than another. The various processes may progress at different rates, with a resulting imbalance or lack of coordination. The areas of vocal technique which seem to depend most strongly on the student's ability to coordinate various functions are:[12]

Extending the vocal range to its maximum potential
Developing consistent vocal production with a consistent tone quality
Developing flexibility and agility
Achieving a balanced vibrato
Developing the singing voice[edit]
Singing is a skill that requires highly developed muscle reflexes. Singing does not require much muscle strength but it does require a high degree of muscle coordination. Individuals can develop their voices further through the careful and systematic practice of both songs and vocal exercises. Vocal exercises have several purposes, including[12] warming up the voice; extending the vocal range; "lining up" the voice horizontally and vertically; and acquiring vocal techniques such as legato, staccato, control of dynamics, rapid figurations, learning to sing wide intervals comfortably, singing trills, singing melismas and correcting vocal faults.

Vocal pedagogists instruct their students to exercise their voices in an intelligent manner. Singers should be thinking constantly about the kind of sound they are making and the kind of sensations they are feeling while they are singing.[22]

Learning to sing is an activity that benefits from the involvement of an instructor. A singer does not hear the same sounds inside his head that others hear outside. Therefore, having a wise guide who can tell a student what kinds of sounds he or she is producing guides a singer to understand which of the internal sounds correspond to the desired sounds required by the style of singing the student aims to re-create.

Extending vocal range[edit]
An important goal of vocal development is to learn to sing to the natural limits[25] of one's vocal range without any obvious or distracting changes of quality or technique. Vocal pedagogists teach that a singer can only achieve this goal when all of the physical processes involved in singing (such as laryngeal action, breath support, resonance adjustment, and articulatory movement) are effectively working together. Most vocal pedagogists believe in coordinating these processes by (1) establishing good vocal habits in the most comfortable tessitura of the voice, and then (2) slowly expanding the range.[3]

There are three factors that significantly affect the ability to sing higher or lower:

The energy factor   "energy" has several connotations. It refers to the total response of the body to the making of sound; to a dynamic relationship between the breathing-in muscles and the breathing-out muscles known as the breath support mechanism; to the amount of breath pressure delivered to the vocal folds and their resistance to that pressure; and to the dynamic level of the sound.
The space factor   "space" refers to the size of the inside of the mouth and the position of the palate and larynx. Generally speaking, a singer's mouth should be opened wider the higher he or she sings. The internal space or position of the soft palate and larynx can be widened by relaxing the throat. Vocal pedagogists describe this as feeling like the "beginning of a yawn".
The depth factor   "depth" has two connotations. It refers to the actual physical sensations of depth in the body and vocal mechanism, and to mental concepts of depth that are related to tone quality.
McKinney says, "These three factors can be expressed in three basic rules: (1) As you sing higher, you must use more energy; as you sing lower, you must use less. (2) As you sing higher, you must use more space; as you sing lower, you must use less. (3) As you sing higher, you must use more depth; as you sing lower, you must use less."[12]

Posture[edit]
The singing process functions best when certain physical conditions of the body are put in place. The ability to move air in and out of the body freely and to obtain the needed quantity of air can be seriously affected by the posture of the various parts of the breathing mechanism. A sunken chest position will limit the capacity of the lungs, and a tense abdominal wall will inhibit the downward travel of the diaphragm. Good posture allows the breathing mechanism to fulfill its basic function efficiently without any undue expenditure of energy. Good posture also makes it easier to initiate phonation and to tune the resonators as proper alignment prevents unnecessary tension in the body. Vocal pedagogists have also noted that when singers assume good posture it often provides them with a greater sense of self-assurance and poise while performing. Audiences also tend to respond better to singers with good posture. Habitual good posture also ultimately improves the overall health of the body by enabling better blood circulation and preventing fatigue and stress on the body.[3]

There are eight components of the ideal singing posture:

Feet slightly apart
Legs straight but knees slightly bent
Hips facing straight forward
Spine aligned
Abdomen flat
Chest comfortably forward
Shoulders down and back
Head facing straight forward
Breathing and breath support[edit]
Natural breathing has three stages: a breathing-in period, a breathing out period, and a resting or recovery period; these stages are not usually consciously controlled. Within singing there are four stages of breathing: a breathing-in period (inhalation); a setting up controls period (suspension); a controlled exhalation period (phonation); and a recovery period.

These stages must be under conscious control by the singer until they become conditioned reflexes. Many singers abandon conscious controls before their reflexes are fully conditioned which ultimately leads to chronic vocal problems.[26]

Vibrato[edit]
Vibrato is a technique in which a sustained note wavers very quickly and consistently between a higher and a lower pitch, giving the note a slight quaver. Vibrato is the pulse or wave in a sustained tone. Vibrato occurs naturally, and is the result of proper breath support and a relaxed vocal apparatus.[27] Some singers use vibrato as a means of expression. Many successful artists can sing a deep, rich vibrato.

Vocal music[edit]
Main article: Vocal music
Vocal music is music performed by one or more singers, which are typically called songs, and which may be performed with or without instrumental accompaniment, in which singing provides the main focus of the piece. Vocal music is probably the oldest form of music, since it does not require any instrument or equipment besides the voice. All musical cultures have some form of vocal music and there are many long standing singing traditions throughout the world's cultures.

Music which employs singing but does not feature it prominently is generally considered as instrumental music. For example, some blues rock songs may have a short, simple call-and-response chorus, but the emphasis in the song is on the instrumental melodies and improvisation. Vocal music typically features sung words called lyrics, although there are notable examples of vocal music that are performed using non-linguistic syllables or noises, sometimes as musical onomatopoeia. A short piece of vocal music with lyrics is broadly termed a song, although in classical music, terms such as aria are typically used.

Genres of vocal music[edit]

Rock singer Ian Gillan performing live with Deep Purple in Hoyos del Espino in 2013.
Main article: Music genre

The MadHatters are a group of singers who perform arrangements of popular music with only their voices
Vocal music is written in many different forms and styles which are often labeled within a particular genre of music. These genres include: Art music, Popular music, Traditional music, regional and national music, and fusions of those genres. Within these larger genres are many subgenres. For example, popular music would encompass blues, jazz, country music, easy listening, hip hop, rock music, and several other genres. There may also be a subgenre within a subgenre such as vocalese and scat singing in jazz.

Popular and traditional music[edit]
In many modern pop musical groups, a lead singer performs the primary vocals or melody of a song, as opposed to a backing singer who sings backup vocals or the harmony of a song. Backing vocalists sing some, but usually not all, parts of the song often singing only in a song's refrain or humming in the background. An exception is five-part gospel a cappella music, where the lead is the highest of the five voices and sings a descant, and not the melody. Some artists may sing both the lead and backing vocals on audio recordings by overlapping recorded vocal tracks.

Popular music includes a range of vocal styles. Hip-hop uses rapping, the rhythmic delivery of rhymes in a rhythmic speech over a beat or without accompaniment. Some types of rapping consist mostly or entirely of speech and chanting, like the Jamaican "toasting". In some types of rapping, the performers may interpolate short sung or half-sung passages. Blues singing is based on the use of the blue notes notes sung at a slightly lower pitch than that of the major scale for expressive purposes. In heavy metal and hardcore punk subgenres, vocal styles can include techniques such as screams, shouts, and unusual sounds such as the "death growl".

One difference between live performances in the popular and Classical genres is that whereas Classical performers often sing without amplification in small- to mid-size halls, in popular music, a microphone and PA system (amplifier and speakers) are used in almost all performance venues, even a small coffee house. The use of the microphone has had several impacts on popular music. For one, it facilitated the development of intimate, expressive singing styles such as "crooning" which would not have enough projection and volume if done without a microphone. As well, pop singers who use microphones can do a range of other vocal styles that would not project without amplification, such as making whispering sounds, humming, and mixing half-sung and sung tones. As well, some performers use the microphone's response patterns to create effects, such as bringing the mic very close to the mouth to get an enhanced bass response, or, in the case of hip-hop beatboxers, doing plosive "p" and "b" sounds into the mic to create percussive effects. It n the 2000s, controversy arose over the widespread use of electronic Auto-Tune pitch correction devices with recorded and live popular music vocals. Controversy has also arisen due to cases where pop singers have been found to be lip-syncing to a pre-recorded recording of their vocal performance or, in the case of the controversial act Milli Vanilli, lip-syncing to tracks recorded by other uncredited singers.

While some bands use backup singers who only sing when they are onstage, it is common for backup singers in popular music to have other roles. In many rock and metal bands, the musicians doing backup vocals also play instruments, such as rhythm guitar, electric bass, or drums. In Latin or Afro-Cuban groups, backup singers may play percussion instruments or shakers while singing. In some pop and hip-hop groups and in musical theater, the backup singers may be required to perform elaborately choreographed dance routines while they sing through headset microphones.

Careers[edit]
The salaries and working conditions for vocalists vary a great deal. While jobs in other music fields such as music education tend to be based on full-time, salaried positions, singing jobs tend to be based on contracts for individual shows or performances, or for a sequence of shows (e.g., a two-week series of performances of an opera or musical theater show).[citation needed]


Maria Callas during her final tour in Amsterdam in 1973
Church choir soloists can make from  30 to  500 per performance (all figures in US dollars). Performers in a community choral group can earn from  200  3,000 yearly; members of a professional concert choral group can make  80 and up per performance. Singers who perform on radio or TV shows can make  75 and up per show on a local station and  125 and up per national network show (e.g., CBS or NBC). Jazz or pop singers who perform with dance bands or nightclub show groups can make  225 and up per week. Professional opera chorus singers can make from  350  750 per week. Opera soloists, for which the number of job openings is very limited, can make from  350 to  20,000 per performance for the most elite performers. Classical concert soloists, for which the number of job openings is very limited, have approximate earnings of  350 per performance and up.[28]

Aspiring singers and vocalists must have musical talent and skill, an excellent voice, the ability to work with people, and a sense of showmanship and drama. Additionally, singers need to have the ambition and drive to continually study and improve,[28] because the process of studying singing does not end after an initial diploma or degree is finished-even decades after finishing their initial training, professional singers continue to seek out vocal coaching to hone their skills, extend their range, and learn new styles. As well, aspiring singers need to gain specialized skills in the vocal techniques used to interpret songs, learn about the vocal literature from their chosen style of music, and gain skills in choral music techniques, sight singing and memorizing songs, and basic skills at the piano, to aid in learning new songs and in ear training or vocal exercises. In Classical singing and in some other genres, a knowledge of foreign languages such as French, Italian, German, or other languages, is needed. Prior to college or university training, aspiring singers should learn to read music, study basic piano, and gain experience with singing, both in choirs and in solo settings.

College or university degrees are "not always required but the equivalent training is usually necessary".[28] Post-secondary training in singing is available for both Classical and non-Classical singers. In the Classical stream, singing can be studied at conservatories and university music programs; credentials that are available range from diplomas and bachelor's degrees to master's degrees and the Doctor of Musical Arts. In popular and jazz styles, college and university degrees are also available, though there are fewer programs.

Once aspiring vocalists have completed their professional training, they must then take steps to market themselves to buyers of vocal talent, by doing auditions in front of an opera director, choirmaster, music theatre director or conductor. Depending on the style of vocal music that a person has trained in, the "talent buyers" that they seek out may be record company A&R representatives, opera or musical theater directors, choir directors, nightclub managers, or concert promoters. In addition preparing a resume or CV listing their training and performance experience, singers typically prepare a promotional kit that includes professionally taken photographs (head shots); a CD or DVD with excerpts of vocal performances; and copies of reviews from music critics or journalists. Some singers hire an agent or manager to help them to seek out engagements and other performance opportunities; the agent or manager is often paid by receiving a percentage of the fees that the singer gets from performing onstage.

Singing competitions[edit]
In recent years, the talent of singing has become competitive. Currently, there are several television shows that showcase these talents. American Idol is one of the prominent of these shows. Debuting in 2002, it was one of the first singing competition shows. Contestants audition in front of a panel of judges to see if they can move on to the next round in Hollywood, from then, the competition begins. The field of contestants is narrowed down week by week until a winner is chosen. In order to move on to the next round, the contestants fate is determined by public vote. The Voice is another well known singing competition program. Similar to American Idol, the contestants audition in front of a panel of judges, however, the judges chairs are faced towards the audience during the performance. If the coaches are interested in the artist, they will press their button signifying they want to coach them. Once the auditions conclude, coaches have their team of artists and the competition begins. Coaches then mentor their artists and they compete to find the best singer. Other well knowns singing competitions include The X Factor, America's Got Talent, Rising Star, and The Sing-Off.

Health benefits[edit]
Scientific studies suggest that singing can have positive effects on people's health. A preliminary study based on self-reported data from a survey of students participating in choral singing found perceived benefits including increased lung capacity, improved mood, stress reduction, as well as perceived social and spiritual benefits.[29] However, one much older study of lung capacity compared those with professional vocal training to those without, and failed to back up the claims of increased lung capacity.[30] Singing may positively influence the immune system through the reduction of stress. One study found that both singing and listening to choral music reduces the level of stress hormones and increases immune function.[31] A multinational collaboration to study the connection between singing and health was established in 2009, called Advancing Interdisciplinary Research in Singing (AIRS).[32]

Singing and the brain[edit]
John Daniel Scott, among others, have cited that  people who sing are more likely to be happy.  This is because  singing elevates the levels of neurotransmitters which are associated with pleasure and well being.  Humans have a long prehistory of music, especially singing; before written language, stories were passed down through song, because song is often more memorable. There is also evidence that music or singing may have evolved in humans before language. Levitin, in his This is Your Brain on Music, argues that  music may be the activity that prepared our pre-human ancestors for speech communication  and that  singing. . . might have helped our species to refine motor skills, paving the way for the development of the exquisitely fine muscle control required for vocal . . . speech  (260).[33] On the other hand, he cites Pinker, who  argued that language is an adaptation and music is its spandrel . . . an evolutionary accident piggybacking on language  (248).[33]

Singing and language[edit]
Much research has been done recently on the link between music and language, especially singing. It is becoming increasingly clear that these two processes are very much alike, and yet also different. Levitin describes how, beginning with the eardrum, sound waves are translated into pitch, or a tonotopic map, and then shortly thereafter  speech and music probably diverge into separate processing circuits  (130).[33] There is evidence that neural circuits used for music and language may start out in infants undifferentiated. There are several areas of the brain that are used for both language and music. For example, Brodmann Area 47. Levitin recounts how in certain studies,  listening to music and attending its syntactic features,  similar to the syntactic processes in language, activated this part of the brain. In addition,  musical syntax . . . has been localized to . . . areas adjacent to and overlapping with those regions that process speech syntax, such as Broca s area  and  the regions involved in musical semantics . . . appear to be [localized] near Wernicke s area.  Both Broca s area and Wernicke s area are important steps in language processing and production.

Singing has been shown to help stroke victims recover speech. According to neurologist Gottfried Schlaug there is a corresponding area to that of speech, which resides in the left hemisphere, on the right side of the brain.[34] This is casually known as the  singing center.  By teaching stroke victims to sing their words, this can help train this area of the brain for speech. In support of this theory, Levitin asserts that  regional specificity,  such as that for speech,  may be temporary, as the processing centers for important mental functions actually move to other regions after trauma or brain damage. [33] Thus in the right hemisphere of the brain, the  singing center  may be retrained to help produce speech.[35]

Accents and singing[edit]
[icon]  This section requires expansion. (January 2013)
The speaking dialect or accent of a person may differ greatly from the general singing accent that a person uses while singing. When people sing, they generally use the accent or neutral accent that is used in the style of music they are singing in, rather than a regional accent or dialect; the style of music and the popular center/region of the style has more influence on the singing accent of a person than where they come from. For example, in the English language, British singers of rock or popular music often sing in an American accent or neutral accent instead of an English accent.[36][37]

Singing in certain species[edit]
Scholars agree that singing is strongly present in many different species.[38][39] Wide dispersal of singing behavior among very different animal species, like birds, gibbons, whales, and many others strongly suggests that singing appeared independently in different species. Currently there are about 5400 species of animals that are known to sing. At least some singing species demonstrate the ability to learn their songs, to improvise and even to compose new melodies.[40] In some animal species singing is a group activity (see, for example, singing in gibbon families.[41])
Music industry
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

[hide]This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it (see how) or discuss these issues on the talk page.
This article's factual accuracy may be compromised due to out-of-date information. (June 2012)
The examples and perspective in this article may not represent a worldwide view of the subject. (April 2014)

The Sony Center at Potsdamer Platz in Berlin
The music industry consists of the companies and individuals that make money by creating and selling live music performances, sound recordings and music videos of songs and instrumental pieces. Among the many individuals and organizations that operate in the industry are: the songwriters and composers who create new music; the singers, musicians, conductors and bandleaders who perform the music; the companies and professionals who create and sell recorded music and/or sheet music (e.g., music publishers, producers, recording studios, engineers, record labels, retail and online music stores, performance rights organizations); and those that help organize and present live music performances (booking agents, promoters, music venues, road crew).

The industry also includes professionals who assist singers and musicians with their music careers (talent managers, artists and repertoire managers, business managers, entertainment lawyers); those who broadcast music (satellite, Internet radio stations, broadcast radio and TV stations); music journalists and music critics; music educators and teachers; musical instrument manufacturers; as well as many others.

The modern music industry emerged between the 1930s and 1950s, when records supplanted sheet music as the most important product in the music business. In the commercial world, people began referring to "the recording industry" as a loose synonym for "the music industry". In the 2000s, a majority of the music market is controlled by three major corporate labels: the French-owned Universal Music Group, the Japanese-owned Sony Music Entertainment,[1] and the US-owned Warner Music Group. Labels outside of these three major labels are referred to as independent labels. The largest portion of the live music market for concerts and tours is controlled by Live Nation, the largest promoter and music venue owner. Live Nation is a former subsidiary of iHeartMedia Inc, which is the largest owner of radio stations in the United States. Creative Artists Agency is a large talent management and booking company.

The music industry has undergone drastic changes since the advent of widespread digital distribution of music via the Internet, which includes both illegal file sharing of songs and legal music purchases. A conspicuous indicator of this is total music sales: since 2000, sales of recorded music have dropped off substantially[2][3] while live music has increased in importance.[4] The largest music retailer in the world is now digital: Apple Inc.'s online iTunes Store.[5]

Contents  [hide] 
1 History
1.1 Early history
1.2 Advent of recorded music
1.3 Rise of digital distribution
2 Business structure
2.1 Compositions
2.2 Recordings
2.3 Media
2.4 Other uses of recorded music and compositions
2.5 Live music
2.6 Artist management, representation and staff
2.7 Emerging business models
3 Sales statistics
3.1 Digital album volume sales growth in 2014
3.2 Consolidation
3.3 Albums sales and market value
3.4 Recorded music retail sales
3.4.1 2000
3.4.2 2005
3.4.3 2003 2007
3.4.4 2011
3.4.5 2012
3.5 Total revenue by year
4 Music industry by region
5 Music industry organizations
6 Music industry and transparency
7 See also
8 Notes
9 References
10  Further reading
11  External links
History[edit]
Early history[edit]
Printed music in Europe:


A French Ars subtilior chanson from the late 1300s about love, entitled Belle, bonne, sage, by Baude Cordier. The music notation is unusual in that it is written in a heart shape, with red notes indicating rhythmic alterations.
Music publishing followed the evolution of printing technologies after the mid-15th century, when mechanical techniques for printing music were first developed. The earliest example, a set of liturgical chants, dates from about 1465, shortly after the Gutenberg Bible. Prior to this time, music had to be copied out by hand. This was a very labor-intensive and time-consuming process, so it was usually undertaken only by monks and priests seeking to preserve sacred music for the church. The few collections of secular music that are extant were commissioned and owned by wealthy noblemen. Examples include the Squarcialupi Codex of Italian Trecento music and the Chantilly Codex of French Ars subtilior music.

The pioneer of modern music printing was Ottaviano Petrucci (born in Fossombrone in 1466   died in 1539 in Venice ), a printer and publisher who was able to secure a twenty-year monopoly on printed music in Venice during the 16th century. Venice was one of the major business and music centers during this period. His Harmonice Musices Odhecaton, a collection of chansons printed in 1501, is commonly misidentified as the first book of sheet music printed from movable type. Actually that distinction belongs to the Roman printer Ulrich Han's Missale Romanum of 1476. Nevertheless, Petrucci's later work was extraordinary for the complexity of his white mensural notation and the smallness of his font. He printed the first book of polyphony using movable type. He also published numerous works by the most highly regarded composers of the Renaissance, including Josquin des Prez and Antoine Brumel. He flourished by focusing on Flemish works, rather than Italian, as they were very popular throughout Europe during the Renaissance. His printing shop used the triple-impression method, in which a sheet of paper was pressed three times. The first impression was the staff lines, the second the words, and the third the notes. This method produced very clean results, although it was time-consuming and expensive.

Until the 18th century, the processes of formal composition and of the printing of music took place for the most part with the support of patronage from aristocracies and churches. In the mid-to-late 18th century, performers and composers such as Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart began to seek commercial opportunities to market their music and performances to the general public. After Mozart's death, his wife (Constanze Weber) continued the process of commercialization of his music through an unprecedented series of memorial concerts, selling his manuscripts, and collaborating with her second husband, Georg Nissen, on a biography of Mozart.[6]


An example of sheet music.
In the 19th century, sheet-music publishers dominated the music industry. In the United States, the music industry arose in tandem with the rise of black face minstrelsy. In the late part of the century the group of music publishers and songwriters which dominated popular music in the United States became known as Tin Pan Alley. The name originally referred to a specific place: West 28th Street between Fifth and Sixth Avenue in Manhattan, and a plaque (see below) on the sidewalk on 28th Street between Broadway and Sixth commemorates it. The start of Tin Pan Alley is usually dated to about 1885, when a number of music publishers set up shop in the same district of Manhattan. The end of Tin Pan Alley is less clear cut. Some date it to the start of the Great Depression in the 1930s when the phonograph and radio supplanted sheet music as the driving force of American popular music, while others consider Tin Pan Alley to have continued into the 1950s when earlier styles of American popular music were upstaged by the rise of rock & roll.

Advent of recorded music[edit]
At the dawn of the early 20th century, the recording of sound began to function as a disruptive technology to the commercial interests publishing sheet music. During the sheet music era, if you wanted to hear popular new songs, you would buy the sheet music and play it at home. Commercially released phonograph records of musical performances starting in the late 1880s, and later the onset of widespread radio broadcasting starting in the 1920s, forever changed the way music was heard. Opera houses, concert halls, and clubs continued to produce music and perform live, but the power of radio allowed obscure bands to become popular on a nationwide and sometimes worldwide scale.

The "record industry" eventually replaced the sheet music publishers as the industry's largest force. A multitude of record labels came and went. Some note-worthy labels of the earlier decades include the Columbia Records, Crystalate, Decca Records, Edison Bell, The Gramophone Company, Invicta, Kalliope, Path , Victor Talking Machine Company and many others.[7]

Many record companies died out as quickly as they had formed, and by the end of the 1980s, the "Big 6"   EMI, CBS, BMG, PolyGram, WEA and MCA   dominated the industry. Sony bought CBS Records in 1987 and changed its name to Sony Music in 1991. In mid-1998, PolyGram merged into the Universal Music Group (formerly MCA). Since then, Sony and BMG merged in 2004,[8] and Universal took over the majority of EMI's recorded music interests in 2012.[9] EMI Music Publishing, also once part of the now defunct British conglomerate, is now co-owned by Sony as a subsidiary of Sony/ATV Music Publishing.[10]

Genre-wise, music entrepreneurs expanded their industry models into areas like folk music, in which composition and performance had continued for centuries on an ad hoc self-supporting basis. Forming an independent record label, or "indie" label, or signing to such a label continues to be a popular choice for up-and-coming musicians, especially in genres like hardcore punk, despite the fact that indies cannot offer the same financial backing of major labels.

Rise of digital distribution[edit]
Main article: 2000s in the music industry
In the first decade of the twenty first century, digitally downloaded and streamed music, much of it illegally downloaded or streamed, at least at first, became more popular than physical recordings (e.g. CDs, tapes). This gave consumers almost "frictionless" access to a wider variety of music than ever before. At the same time, consumers spent less money on recorded music (both physically and digitally distributed) than they had in the 1990s.[11] Total revenues in the U.S. dropped by half, from a high of  14.6 billion in 1999 to  6.3 billion in 2009, according to Forrester Research.[3] Worldwide revenues for CDs, vinyl, cassettes and digital downloads fell from  36.9 billion in 2000 [12] to  15.9 billion in 2010[13] according to IFPI. The Economist and The New York Times report that the downward trend is expected to continue for the foreseeable future[14][15] This dramatic decline in revenue has caused large-scale layoffs inside the industry, driven retailers (such as Tower Records) out of business and forced record companies, record producers, studios, recording engineers and musicians to seek new business models.[16]

In response to the rise of widespread illegal file sharing of digital music recordings, the record industry took aggressive legal action. In 2001 it succeeded in shutting down the popular music site Napster, and threatened legal action against thousands of individuals who participated.[16] However, this failed to slow the decline in revenue and proved a public-relations disaster.[16] Some academic studies have even suggested that downloads did not cause the decline.[17] The 2008 British Music Rights survey[18] showed that 80% of people in Britain wanted a legal P2P service, however only half of the respondents thought that the music's creators should be paid. The survey was consistent with the results of earlier research conducted in the United States, upon which the Open Music Model was based.[19]

Legal digital downloads became widely available with the debut of the iTunes Store in 2003. The popularity of internet music distribution has increased and by 2012 digital music sales topped physical sales of music.[20] Atlantic Records reports that digital sales have surpassed physical sales.[14] However, as The Economist reports, "paid digital downloads grew rapidly, but did not begin to make up for the loss of revenue from CDs."[15]

After 2010, services such as Deezer, Pandora, Spotify, and Apple s iTunes Radio began subscription-based  pay to stream  services. These services began to have a serious impact on the industry in 2014, lowering revenues still further.

The turmoil in the recorded music industry altered the twentieth-century balance between artists, record companies, promoters, retail music-stores and the consumer. As of 2010, big-box stores such as Wal-Mart and Best Buy sell more records than music-only stores, which have ceased to function as a major player in the industry. Recording artists now rely on live performance and merchandise sales (T-shirts, sweatshirts, etc.) for the majority of their income, which in turn has made them more dependent on music promoters like Live Nation (which dominates tour promotion and owns a large number of music venues).[4] In order to benefit from all of an artist's income streams, record companies increasingly rely on the "360 deal", a new business-relationship pioneered by Robbie Williams and EMI in 2007.[21] At the other extreme, record companies can offer a simple manufacturing and distribution deal, which gives a higher percentage to the artist, but does not cover the expense of marketing and promotion.

Companies like Kickstarter help independent musicians produce their albums through fans funding bands they want to listen to.[22] Many newer artists no longer see a record deal as an integral part of their business plan at all. Inexpensive recording hardware and software made it possible to record reasonable quality music on a laptop in a bedroom and distribute it over the internet to a worldwide audience.[23] This, in turn, caused problems for recording studios, record producers and audio engineers: the Los Angeles Times reports that as many as half of the recording facilities in that city have failed.[24] Changes in the music industry have given consumers access to a wider variety of music than ever before, at a price that gradually approaches zero.[16] However, consumer spending on music-related software and hardware increased dramatically over the last decade, providing a valuable new income-stream for technology companies such as Apple Inc. and Pandora Radio.

Business structure[edit]
The music industry is a complex system of many different organizations, firms and individuals and has undergone dramatic changes in the 21st century. This is known as disintermediation. However, the majority of the participants in the music industry still fulfill their traditional roles, which are described below.[25]

There are three types of property that are created and sold by the recording industry: compositions, recordings and media (such as CDs or MP3s). There may be many recordings of a single composition and a single recording will typically be distributed into many media.

Compositions[edit]
Songs and other musical compositions are created by songwriters or composers and are originally owned by the composer, although they may be sold. For example, in the case of work for hire, the composition is owned immediately by another party. Traditionally, the copyright owner licenses or "assigns" some of their rights (e.g. distribution and sales) to publishing companies, by means of a publishing contract. The publishing company (or a collection society operating on behalf of many such publishers, songwriters and composers) collects fees (known as "publishing royalties") when the composition is used. A portion of the royalties are paid by the publishing company to the copyright owner, depending on the terms of the contract. Sheet music provides an income stream that is paid exclusively to the composers and their publishing company. Typically (although not universally), the publishing company will provide the owner with an advance against future earnings when the publishing contract is signed. A publishing company will also promote the compositions, such as by acquiring song "placements" on television or in films.

Recordings[edit]
Recordings are created by recording artists, often with the assistance of record producers and audio engineers. They were traditionally made in recording studios (who are paid a daily or hourly rate) in a recording session. In the 21st century, advances in recording technology have allowed many producers and artists to create "home studios", bypassing the traditional role of the recording studio. The record producer oversees all aspects of the recording, making many of the logistic, financial and artistic decisions in cooperation with the artist. Audio engineers (including recording, mixing and mastering engineers) are responsible for the audio quality of the recording. A recording session may also require the services of an arranger, studio musicians, session musicians, vocal coaches, or even ghostwriter to help with the lyrics.

Recordings are (traditionally) owned by record companies. A recording contract specifies the business relationship between a recording artist and the record company. In a traditional contract, the company provides an advance to the artist who agrees to record music that will be owned by the company. The A&R department of a record company is responsible for finding new talent and overseeing the recording process. The company pays for the recording costs and the cost of promoting and marketing the record. For physical media (such as CDs), the company also pays to manufacture and distribute the physical recordings. Smaller record companies (known as "indies") will form business relationships with other companies to handle many of these tasks. The record company pays the recording artist a portion of the income from the sale of the recordings, generally known as a mechanical royalty. (This is distinct from the publishing royalty, described above.) This portion is similar to a percentage, but may be limited or expanded by a number of factors (such as free goods, recoupable expenses, bonuses, etc.) that are specified by the record contract. Session musicians and orchestra members (as well as a few recording artists in special markets) are under contract to provide work for hire; they're typically only paid one-time fees or regular wages for their services, rather than royalties.

Media[edit]
Physical media (such as CDs) are sold by music retailers and are owned by the consumer. A music distributor delivers the physical media from the manufacturer to the retailer and maintains relationships with retailers and record companies. The music retailer pays the distributor, who in turn pays the record company for the recordings. The record company pays mechanical royalties to the publisher, composer, and songwriter via a collection society. The record company then pays royalties, if contractually obligated, to the recording artist.

In the case of digital downloads or streams, there is no physical media other than the consumer's hard drive. The distributor is optional in this situation; large online shops may pay the labels directly, but digital distributors do exist to service vendors large and small. When purchasing digital downloads, the consumer may be required to agree to record company and vendor licensing terms beyond those which are inherent in copyright; for example, some may allow freely sharing the recording, but others may restrict the user to storing the music on a specific number of hard drives.

Other uses of recorded music and compositions[edit]
When a recording is broadcast (either on radio or by a background music service such as Muzak), performance rights organisations (such as the ASCAP and BMI in the US, SOCAN in Canada, or MCPS and PRS in the UK), collect a third type of royalty known as a performance royalty, which is paid to songwriters, composers and recording artists. This royalty is typically much smaller than publishing or mechanical royalties. When recordings are used in television and film, the composer and their publishing company are typically paid through a synchronization license. In the 2000s, online subscription services (such as Rhapsody) also provide an income stream directly to record companies, and through them, to artists, contracts permitting.

Live music[edit]
A promoter brings together a performing artist and a venue owner and arranges contracts. A booking agency represents the artist to promoters, makes deals and books performances. Consumers usually buy tickets either from the venue or from a ticket distribution service such as Ticketmaster. In the US, Live Nation is the dominant company in all of these roles: they own most of the large venues in the US, they are the largest promoter, and they own Ticketmaster.

Choices about where and when to tour are decided by the artist's management and the artist, sometimes in consultation with the record company. Record companies may provide tour support; they may finance a tour in the hopes that it will help promote the sale of recordings. However, in the 21st century, it has become more common to release recordings to promote tours, rather than book tours to promote records.

Successful artists will usually employ a road crew: a semi-permanent touring organization that travels with the artist. This is headed by a tour manager and provides stage lighting, live sound reinforcement, musical instrument tuning and maintenance, bodyguards and transportation. On large tours, the road crew may also include an accountant, stage manager, hairdressers, makeup artists, and catering. Local crews are typically hired to help move equipment on and off stage. On small tours, all of these jobs may be handled by just a few roadies, or by the musicians themselves.

Artist management, representation and staff[edit]
Artists may hire a number of people from other fields to assist them with their career. The artist manager oversees all aspects of an artist's career in exchange for a percentage of the artist's income. An entertainment lawyer assists them with the details of their contracts with record companies and other deals. A business manager handles financial transactions, taxes and bookkeeping. Unions, such as AFTRA in the U.S., provide health insurance and other services for musicians. A successful artist functions in the market as a brand and, as such, may derive income from many other streams, such as merchandise or internet-based services. These are typically overseen by the artist's manager and take the form of relationships between the artist and companies that specialize in these products.

Emerging business models[edit]
In addition to these traditional business relationships, new ways of doing business are being developed in the 2000s. Technology, such as music production software and the Internet has had an enormous impact on how music is created and distributed. In the 1970s and 1980s, if a pop or rock band wanted to make a recording, they had to go to a professional recording studio to have the recording made, and then get a record label to market and distribute physical copies of the LP, tape, or in the 1980s, the CD. During that same time period, if a contemporary classical composer wanted to have a score and musical parts for her new symphony prepared, she would have to go to a music publishing company which had the capability to prepare professional scores and parts. In the 2000s, a band can record an album using a USB mic and a high-end laptop with a digital recording software such as Garageband and then sell digital copies online through the band's website. In the 2000s, a symphony composer can prepare a professional-level score and parts herself using digital score-writing software such as Finale.

In the 2000s, traditional lines that once divided singers, instrumentalists, publishers, record companies, distributors, retail and consumer electronics have become blurred or erased. Artists act own their own publishing companies, artist management and may promote and market records on behalf of themselves or their clients, artists may choose to exclusively promote and market themselves using only free services such as YouTube or social media. Consumer electronics companies such as Sony, which once only made media players like the iconic 1980s-era cassette Walkman have become digital music retailers. New digital music distribution technologies have also forced both governments and the music industry to re-examine the definitions of intellectual property and the rights of all the parties involved. Also compounding the issue of defining copyright boundaries is the fact that the definition of "royalty" and "copyright" varies from country to country and region to region, which changes the terms of some of these business relationships.

Sales statistics[edit]
Further information: Global music industry market share data
Digital album volume sales growth in 2014[edit]
According to IFPI,[26] the digital album volume sales growth in 2014.

Country Percentage
US  +2.1%
UK  -2.8%
France  -3.4%
Global (est)  +6.9%
Source: Nielsen SoundScan, Official Charts Company/BPI, GfK and IFPI estimate.

Consolidation[edit]





Circle frame.svg
World music market sales shares, according to IFPI (2005)

  EMI (13.4%)
  WMG (11.3%)
  Sony BMG (21.5%)
  UMG (25.5%)
  Independent (28.4%)
Prior to December 1998, the industry was dominated by the "Big Six": Sony Music and BMG had not yet merged, and PolyGram had not yet been absorbed into Universal Music Group. After the PolyGram-Universal merger, the 1998 market shares reflected a "Big Five", commanding 77.4% of the market, as follows, according to MEI World Report 2000:

Universal Music Group   28.8%
Independent labels   22.6%
Sony Music Entertainment   21.1%
EMI   14.1%
Warner Music Group   13.4%
In 2004, the merger of Sony and BMG created the 'Big Four' at a time the global market was estimated at  30 40 billion.[27] Total annual unit sales (CDs, music videos, MP3s) in 2004 were 3 billion. Additionally, according to an IFPI report published in August 2005,[28] the big four accounted for 71.7% of retail music sales:

Independent labels 28.3%
Universal Music Group 25.5%
Sony Music Entertainment 21.5%
EMI Group 13.4%
Warner Music Group 11.3%





Circle frame.svg
US music market shares, according to Nielsen SoundScan (2011)

  EMI (9.62%)
  WMG (19.13%)
  SME (29.29%)
  UMG (29.85%)
  Independent (12.11%)
Nielson SoundScan in their 2011 report noted that the "big four" controlled about 88% of the market:[29]

Universal Music Group (USA based)   29.85%
Sony Music Entertainment (USA based)   29.29%
Warner Music Group (USA based)   19.13%
Independent labels   12.11%
EMI Group - 9.62%
After absorption of EMI by Sony Music Entertainment and Universal Music Group in December 2011 the "big three" were created and on January 8, 2013 after the merger there were layoffs of forty workers from EMI. European regulators forced Universal Music to spin off EMI assets which became the Parlophone Label Group which was acquired by Warner Music Group.[30] Nielson SoundScan issued a report in 2012, noting that these labels controlled 88.5% of the market, and further noted:[31]

Universal Music Group (USA based) which owns EMI Music   32.41% + 6.78% of EMI Group
Sony Music Entertainment (USA based) which owns publishing arm of EMI Group   30.25%
Warner Music Group  19.15%
Independent labels  11.42%
Note: the IFPI and Nielsen Soundscan use different methodologies, which makes their figures difficult to compare casually, and impossible to compare scientifically.[32]

Albums sales and market value[edit]
Total album sales have declined in the early 21st century, leading some music critics to declare the death of the album. (For instance, the only albums that went platinum in the US in 2014 were the soundtrack to the film Frozen and Taylor Swift's 1989, whereas several artists did in 2013.)[33][34] The following table shows album sales and market value in the world in 2014.
Orchestra
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
For other uses, see Orchestra (disambiguation).

The Jalisco Philharmonic Orchestra.

Dublin Philharmonic Orchestra

G ttinger Symphonie Orchester

A modern orchestra concert hall: Philharmony in Szczecin, Poland
An orchestra (/   rk str / or US /   r k str /; Italian: [or k stra]) is a large instrumental ensemble, often used in classical music, that contains sections of string (violin, viola, cello and double bass), brass, woodwind, and percussion instruments. Other instruments such as the piano and celesta may sometimes be grouped into a fifth section such as a keyboard section or may stand alone, as may the concert harp and, for 20th and 21st century compositions, electric and electronic instruments. The term orchestra derives from the Greek          (orchestra), the name for the area in front of an ancient Greek stage reserved for the Greek chorus.[1] The orchestra grew by accretion throughout the 18th and 19th centuries, but changed very little in composition during the course of the 20th century.

A smaller-sized orchestra for this time period (of about fifty musicians or fewer) is called a chamber orchestra. A full-size orchestra (about 70-100 musicians) may sometimes be called a symphony orchestra or philharmonic orchestra; these modifiers do not necessarily indicate any strict difference in either the instrumental constitution or role of the orchestra, but can be useful to distinguish different ensembles based in the same city (for instance, the London Symphony Orchestra and the London Philharmonic Orchestra). A symphony orchestra will usually have over eighty musicians on its roster, in some cases over a hundred, but the actual number of musicians employed in a particular performance may vary according to the work being played and the size of the venue. A leading chamber orchestra might employ as many as fifty musicians; some are much smaller than that. The term concert orchestra may sometimes be used (e.g., BBC Concert Orchestra; RT  Concert Orchestra) no distinction is made on size of orchestra by use of this term, although their use is generally distinguished as for live concert. As such they are commonly chamber orchestras. There are several types of amateur orchestras, including school orchestras, youth orchestras and community orchestras.

Orchestras are usually led by a conductor who directs the performance by way of visible gestures. The conductor unifies the orchestra, sets the tempo and shapes the sound of the ensemble.[2] Orchestras play a wide range of repertoire, including symphonies, overtures, concertos, and music for operas and ballets.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Instrumentation
1.1 Beethoven's influence
1.2 Expanded instrumentation
1.2.1 Baroque orchestra
1.2.2 Classical orchestra
1.2.3 Early Romantic orchestra
1.2.4 Late Romantic orchestra
1.2.5 Modern orchestra
2 Organization
2.1 Selection and appointment of members
2.1.1 Working conditions and concert preparation
2.1.2 Gender of ensembles
3 Amateur ensembles
4 Repertoire
5 History
5.1 Mannheim school
5.2 Performance standards
5.3 Instrumental craftsmanship
5.4 Wagner's influence
5.5 20th century orchestra
5.6 Counter-revolution
5.7 Recent trends in the United States
6 Conductorless orchestras
7 Multiple conductors
8 Other meanings of orchestra
9 See also
10  Notes and references
11  Bibliography
12  External links
Instrumentation[edit]
File:Ancasta-LaViottiChamberOrchestraMozartKV136.ogv
Viotti Chamber Orchestra performing the 3rd movement of Mozart's Divertimento in D Major (K136)
The typical symphony orchestra consists of four groups of related musical instruments called the woodwinds, brass, percussion, and strings (violin, viola, cello and double bass). Other instruments such as the piano and celesta may sometimes be grouped into a fifth section such as a keyboard section or may stand alone, as may the concert harp and electric and electronic instruments. The orchestra, depending on the size, contains almost all of the standard instruments in each group. In the history of the orchestra, its instrumentation has been expanded over time, often agreed to have been standardized by the classical period[3] and Ludwig van Beethoven's influence on the classical model.[4] In the 20th century, new repertory demands expanded the instrumentation of the orchestra, resulting in a flexible use of the classical-model instruments in various combinations.

Beethoven's influence[edit]
The so-called "standard complement" of double winds and brass in the orchestra from the first half of the 19th century is generally attributed to the forces called for by Beethoven.[citation needed] The exceptions to this are his Symphony No. 4, Violin Concerto, and Piano Concerto No. 4, which each specify a single flute. The composer's instrumentation almost always included paired flutes, oboes, clarinets, bassoons, horns and trumpets. Beethoven carefully calculated the expansion of this particular timbral "palette" in Symphonies 3, 5, 6, and 9 for an innovative effect. The third horn in the "Eroica" Symphony arrives to provide not only some harmonic flexibility, but also the effect of "choral" brass in the Trio. Piccolo, contrabassoon, and trombones add to the triumphal finale of his Symphony No. 5. A piccolo and a pair of trombones help deliver storm and sunshine in the Sixth. The Ninth asks for a second pair of horns, for reasons similar to the "Eroica" (four horns has since become standard); Beethoven's use of piccolo, contrabassoon, trombones, and untuned percussion plus chorus and vocal soloists in his finale, are his earliest suggestion that the timbral boundaries of symphony might be expanded for good. For several decades after his death, symphonic instrumentation was faithful to Beethoven's well-established model, with few exceptions.[citation needed]

Expanded instrumentation[edit]
Apart from the core orchestral complement, various other instruments are called for occasionally.[5] These include the classical guitar, heckelphone, flugelhorn, cornet, harpsichord, and organ. Saxophones, for example, appear in some 19th- through 21st-century scores. While appearing only as featured solo instruments in some works, for example Maurice Ravel's orchestration of Modest Mussorgsky's Pictures at an Exhibition and Sergei Rachmaninoff's Symphonic Dances, the saxophone is included in other works, such as Ravel's Bol ro, Sergei Prokofiev's Romeo and Juliet Suites 1 and 2, Vaughan Williams' Symphonies No.6 and 9 and William Walton's Belshazzar's Feast, and many other works as a member of the orchestral ensemble. The euphonium is featured in a few late Romantic and 20th-century works, usually playing parts marked "tenor tuba", including Gustav Holst's The Planets, and Richard Strauss's Ein Heldenleben. The Wagner tuba, a modified member of the horn family, appears in Richard Wagner's cycle Der Ring des Nibelungen and several other works by Strauss, B la Bart k, and others; it has a prominent role in Anton Bruckner's Symphony No. 7 in E Major.[6] Cornets appear in Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky's ballet Swan Lake, Claude Debussy's La Mer, and several orchestral works by Hector Berlioz. Unless these instruments are played by members doubling on another instrument (for example, a trombone player changing to euphonium for a certain passage), orchestras will use freelance musicians to augment their regular rosters.

The 20th-century orchestra was far more flexible than its predecessors.[7] In Beethoven's and Felix Mendelssohn's time, the orchestra was composed of a fairly standard core of instruments which was very rarely modified. As time progressed, and as the Romantic period saw changes in accepted modification with composers such as Berlioz and Mahler, the 20th century saw that instrumentation could practically be hand-picked by the composer. Today, however, the modern orchestra has generally been considered standardized with the modern instrumentation listed below.

With this history in mind, the orchestra can be seen to have a general evolution as outlined below. The first is a Baroque orchestra, the second is a typical classical orchestra (i.e. Beethoven/Joseph Haydn), the third is typical of an early/mid-Romantic (i.e. Franz Schubert/Hector Berlioz/Robert Schumann), late-Romantic/early 20th century (i.e. Wagner/Brahms/Mahler/Igor Stravinsky), to the common complement of a present-day modern orchestra (i.e. John Adams/Samuel Barber/Aaron Copland/Philip Glass/Krzysztof Penderecki).

Baroque orchestra[edit]
Woodwinds
2 Flutes
2 Oboes
2 Bassoons
Brass
2 Horns
2 Trumpets
Percussion
Timpani (e.g., Handel's Messiah)
Keyboards
Harpsichord
Strings
Violin I (8~10)
Violin II (4~6)
Viola (4~6)
Violoncello (4~6)
Double bass (2~4)
Classical orchestra[edit]
Woodwinds
2 Flutes
2 Oboes
2 Clarinets (Bb, C, or A)
2 Bassoons
Brass
2 Horns
2 Trumpets
Percussion
2 Timpani
Keyboards
Harpsichord (from 1750 to the late 1700s, by which time it was gradually phased out of the orchestra)
Strings
12 Violins I
10 Violins II
8 Violas
8 Violoncellos
6 Double basses
Early Romantic orchestra[edit]
Woodwinds
Piccolo
2 Flutes
2 Oboes
2 Clarinets
2 Bassoons
Contrabassoon
Brass
4 Natural or valved horns
2 Natural or valved trumpets
3 Trombones
Tuba
Percussion
Timpani
Snare drum
Bass drum
Cymbals
Triangle
Tambourine
Glockenspiel
1 Harp
Strings
14 Violins 1
12 Violins 2
10 Violas
8 Cellos
6 Double basses
Late Romantic orchestra[edit]
Woodwinds
1 2 Piccolo
3 4 Flutes
3 4 Oboes, of which some may double on
(Cor anglais)
3 4 Clarinets in  B  or A, of which some may double on
(1 2 E  Clarinet; D Clarinet) and
(Bass clarinet)
3 4 Bassoons
Contrabassoon
Brass
4 8 French, German, or Vienna horns (more rarely natural horns)
3 6 Trumpets in F, C, B 
3 4 Trombones
1 2 Tubas
(0 4 Wagner tubas   2 Tenors, 2 Bass, usually doubled by horn players)
Percussion
4 or more Timpani
Snare drum
Bass drum
Cymbals
Tam-tam
Triangle
Tambourine
Glockenspiel
Xylophone
Tubular bells
Keyboards
Piano
Celesta
2 Harps
Strings
16 Violins 1
14 Violins 2
12 Violas
12 Cellos
10 Double basses
Modern orchestra[edit]
Woodwinds
2 4 Flutes (1 doubling piccolo)
2 4 Oboes (1 doubling cor Anglais)
2 4 Clarinets (1-2 doubling bass clarinet and/or E  Clarinet)
2 4 Bassoons (1 doubling contrabassoon)
1 contrabassoon
Brass
4 8 German (usually double) horns in F/B  (in France: French horns; in Vienna: Vienna horns)
3 6 Trumpets in B , C
3 6 Trombones (1 2 bass trombones)
1 2 Tubas
(1 or more Baritone horns/euphoniums)
(1 or more Wagner tubas)
Percussion
Timpani
Snare drum
Tenor drum
Bass drum
Cymbals
Tam-tam
Triangle
Wood block
Tambourine
Glockenspiel
Xylophone
Vibraphone
Tubular bells
Marimba
Drum kit
Other percussion instruments, including ethnic or world music instruments specified by composers
Keyboards
1 Piano
1 Celesta
(0 1 Pipe organ)
1 2 Harps
Strings
16 Violins 1
14 Violins 2
12 Violas
10 Cellos
8 Double basses
Other
As required by the compositions in the program, various electric or electronic instruments may perform in the orchestra. These performers are not typically permanent orchestra members. They are typically hired on contract for one or more concerts. Instruments may include:
Therimin
Electric guitar
Electric bass
Synthesizer
Other electronic musical instruments
Typewriter
Organization[edit]

Conducting an orchestra
Among the instrument groups and within each group of instruments, there is a generally accepted hierarchy. Every instrumental group (or section) has a principal who is generally responsible for leading the group and playing orchestral solos. The violins are divided into two groups, first violin and second violin, with the second violins playing with lower registers than the first violins. The principal first violin is called the concertmaster (or "leader" in the UK) and is not only considered the leader of the string section, but the second-in-command of the entire orchestra, behind only the conductor. The concertmaster leads the pre-concert tuning and handles musical aspects of orchestra management, such as determining the bowings for the violins or for all of the string section. The concertmaster usually sits to the conductor's left, closest to the audience. In some U.S. and British orchestras, the concertmaster comes on stage after the rest of the orchestra is seated, takes a bow, and receives applause before the conductor (and the soloists, if there are any) appear on stage.[citation needed]

The principal trombone is considered the leader of the low brass section, while the principal trumpet is generally considered the leader of the entire brass section. While the oboe often provides the tuning note for the orchestra (due to 300-year-old convention), no principal is the leader of the woodwind section though in woodwind ensembles, often the flute is leader.[8] Instead, each principal confers with the others as equals in the case of musical differences of opinion. The horn, while technically a brass instrument, often acts in the role of both woodwind and brass.[citation needed] Most sections also have an assistant principal (or co-principal or associate principal), or in the case of the first violins, an assistant concertmaster, who often plays a tutti part in addition to replacing the principal in his or her absence. Principal, co-principal and assistant principal players are paid a higher salary than regular orchestra members playing the same instrument.[citation needed]

A section string player plays in unison with the rest of the section, except in the case of divided (divisi) parts, where upper and lower parts in the music are often assigned to "outside" (nearer the audience) and "inside" seated players. Where a solo part is called for in a string section, the section leader invariably plays that part. The section leader (or principal) of a string section is also responsible for determining the bowings, often based on the bowings set out by the concertmaster. In some cases, the principal of a string section may use a slightly different bowing than the concertmaster, to accommodate the requirements of playing their instrument (e.g., the double-bass section). Principals of a string section will also lead entrances for their section, typically by lifting the bow before the entrance, to ensure the section plays together. Tutti wind and brass players generally play a unique but non-solo part. Section percussionists play parts assigned to them by the principal percussionist.

In modern times, the musicians are usually directed by a conductor, although early orchestras did not have one, giving this role instead to the concertmaster or the harpsichordist playing the continuo. Some modern orchestras also do without conductors, particularly smaller orchestras and those specializing in historically accurate (so-called "period") performances of baroque and earlier music.

The most frequently performed repertoire for a symphony orchestra is Western classical music or opera. However, orchestras are used sometimes in popular music (e.g., to accompany a rock or pop band in a concert), extensively in film music, and increasingly often in video game music. Orchestras are also used in the symphonic metal genre. The term "orchestra" can also be applied to a jazz ensemble, for example in the performance of big-band music.

Selection and appointment of members[edit]
All members of a professional orchestra must audition for positions in the ensemble. Performers typically play one or more solo pieces of the auditionee's choice, such as a movement of a concerto, and a variety of excerpts from the orchestral literature that are advertised in the audition poster (so the auditionees can prepare). The excerpts are typically the most technically challenging parts and solos from the orchestral literature. Orchestral auditions are typically held in front of a panel that includes the conductor, the concertmaster, the principal player of the section for which the auditionee is applying and possibly other principal players and regular orchestra members.

The most promising candidates from the first round of auditions are invited to return for a second or third round of auditions, which allows the conductor and the panel to compare the best candidates. Performers may be asked to sight read orchestral music. The final stage of the audition process in some orchestras is a test week, in which the performer plays with the orchestra for a week or two, which allows the conductor and principal players to see if the individual can function well in an actual rehearsal and performance setting.

There are a range of different employment arrangements. The most sought-after positions are permanent, tenured positions in the orchestra. Orchestras also hire musicians on contracts, ranging in length from a single concert to a full season or more. Contract performers may be hired for individual concerts when the orchestra is doing an exceptionally large late-Romantic era orchestral work, or to substitute for a permanent member who is sick. A professional musician who is hired to perform for a single concert is sometimes called a "sub". Some contract musicians may be hired to replace permanent members for the period that the permanent member is on parental leave or disability leave.

Working conditions and concert preparation[edit]
Orchestral musicians typically sit to rehearse and play, although some musicians such as percussionists and double bassists may stand. Musicians rehearse under the direction of the conductor for several rehearsals. For particularly challenging pieces, sectional rehearsals may be held (e.g., the viola section or the brass section). In addition to the preparation that takes place during rehearsals, orchestral musicians are expected to prepare their individual parts by practicing them. Some rehearsals are held in large rehearsal halls or rooms. The final rehearsal, called the dress rehearsal, is held on the stage where the orchestra is performing, so that the conductor can hear the balance of instrument sections and the sound in the performance hall.[citation needed]

The concerts are typically held on a stage in a large auditorium in an arts centre or opera house, although orchestras may also play in churches or outdoor stages. Once a conductor and orchestra have prepared a symphony program in rehearsal, the program may be played once, twice, or for a larger number of performances. The latter approach is typically used during a concert tour or for an extended run of an opera or other presentation. During tours, musicians have to travel, stay in hotels and adapt to changing performance venues. During performances, orchestra members typically wear formal evening wear, such as black tuxedos for men and black evening gowns or pantsuits for women.[citation needed]

In the US and Canada, many professional orchestral musicians are members are members of a union, the American Federation of Musicians. Unions negotiate working conditions such as the length of rehearsals and breaks and overtime pay. In each orchestra, an orchestra member serves as a union steward, to ensure that the conditions of work are respected. Union stewards may also sit in during auditions, to ensure the fairness of the process.[citation needed]

Gender of ensembles[edit]
Historically, major professional orchestras have been mostly or entirely composed of male musicians. The first women members hired in professional orchestras have been harpists. The Vienna Philharmonic, for example, did not accept women to permanent membership until 1997, far later than comparable orchestras (the other orchestras ranked among the world s top five by Gramophone in 2008).[9] The last major orchestra to appoint a woman to a permanent position was the Berlin Philharmonic.[10] In February 1996, the Vienna Philharmonic's principal flute, Dieter Flury, told Westdeutscher Rundfunk that accepting women would be "gambling with the emotional unity (emotionelle Geschlossenheit) that this organism currently has".[11] In April 1996, the orchestra s press secretary wrote that "compensating for the expected leaves of absence" of maternity leave would be a problem.[12]

In 1997, the Vienna Philharmonic was "facing protests during a [US] tour" by the National Organization for Women and the International Alliance for Women in Music. Finally, "after being held up to increasing ridicule even in socially conservative Austria, members of the orchestra gathered [on 28 February 1997] in an extraordinary meeting on the eve of their departure and agreed to admit a woman, Anna Lelkes, as harpist."[13] As of 2013, the orchestra has six female members; one of them, violinist Albena Danailova became one of the orchestra s concertmasters in 2008, the first woman to hold that position.[14] In 2012, women still made up just 6% of the orchestra's membership. VPO president Clemens Hellsberg said the VPO now uses completely screened blind auditions.[15]

In 2013, an article in Mother Jones stated that while "[m]any prestigious orchestras have significant female membership women outnumber men in the New York Philharmonic's violin section and several renowned ensembles, including the National Symphony Orchestra, the Detroit Symphony, and the Minnesota Symphony, are led by women violinists", the double bass, brass, and percussion sections of major orchestras "...are still predominantly male."[16] A 2014 BBC article stated that the "...introduction of blind  auditions, where a prospective instrumentalist performs behind a screen so that the judging panel can exercise no gender or racial prejudice, has seen the gender balance of traditionally male-dominated symphony orchestras gradually shift."[17]

Amateur ensembles[edit]
There are also a variety of amateur orchestras:

School orchestras: These orchestras consist of students from an elementary or secondary school. They may be students from a music class or program or they may be drawn from the entire school body. School orchestras are typically led by a music teacher.
University or conservatory orchestras: These orchestras consist of students from a university or music conservatory. In some cases, university orchestras are open to all students from a university, from all programs. Larger universities may have two university orchestras: one made up of music majors and a second orchestra open to university students from all academic programs. University and conservatory orchestras are typically led by a conductor who is a Professor at the university or conservatoire.
Youth orchestras: These orchestras consist of teens and young adults drawn from an entire city or region. In some cases, youth orchestras may consist of teens or young adults from an entire country (e.g., Canada's National Youth Orchestra).
Community orchestras: These orchestras consist of amateur performers drawn from an entire region or city. Community orchestras typically consist mainly of adult amateur musicians. Community orchestras range in level from intermediate-level ensembles to fairly advanced amateur groups. In some cases, university or conservatory students may also be members of community orchestras. While community orchestra members are mostly amateurs, in some orchestras, a small number of professionals may be hired to act as principal players and section leaders.
Repertoire[edit]
Orchestras play a wide range of repertoire ranging from 17th-century dance suites to 21st-century symphonies. Orchestras have become synonymous with the symphony, an extended musical composition in Western classical music that typically contains multiple movements. Symphonies are notated in a musical score, which contains all the instrument parts. The conductor uses the score to study the symphony before rehearsals and decide on their interpretation (e.g., tempos, articulation, phrasing, etc.), and to follow the music during rehearsals and concerts. Orchestral musicians play from parts which contain just the notated music for their instrument. A small number of symphonies also contain vocal parts (e.g., Beethoven's Ninth Symphony).

Orchestras also perform overtures, a term originally applied to the instrumental introduction to an opera.[18] During the early Romantic era, composers such as Beethoven and Mendelssohn began to use the term to refer to independent, self-existing instrumental, programmatic works that presaged genres such as the symphonic poem, a form devised by Franz Liszt in several works that began as dramatic overtures. These were "at first undoubtedly intended to be played at the head of a programme".[18] In the 1850s the concert overture began to be supplanted by the symphonic poem.

Orchestras also play with instrumental soloists in concertos. During concertos, the orchestra plays an accompaniment role to the soloist (e.g., a solo violinist or pianist) and, at times, introduces musical themes or interludes while the soloist is not playing. Orchestras also play during operas, ballets, some musical theatre works and some choral works (both sacred works such as Masses and secular works). In operas and ballets, the orchestra accompanies the singers and dancers, respectively, and plays overtures and interludes where the melodies played by the orchestra take centre stage. The orchestral repertoire also includes a range of other pieces, such as Baroque dance suites, symphonic dances and suites of film music.

History[edit]
Mannheim school[edit]

This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2015)
This change, from civic music making where the composer had some degree of time or control, to smaller court music making and one-off performance, placed a premium on music that was easy to learn, often with little or no rehearsal. The results were changes in musical style and emphasis on new techniques. Mannheim had one of the most famous orchestras of that time, where notated dynamics and phrasing, previously quite rare, became standard (see Mannheim school). It also attended a change in musical style from the complex counterpoint of the baroque period, to an emphasis on clear melody, homophonic textures, short phrases, and frequent cadences: a style that would later be defined as classical.

Throughout the late 18th century composers would continue to have to assemble musicians for a performance, often called an "Academy", which would, naturally, feature their own compositions. In 1781, however, the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra was organized from the merchants concert society, and it began a trend towards the formation of civic orchestras that would accelerate into the 19th century. In 1815, Boston's Handel and Haydn Society was founded, in 1842 the New York Philharmonic and the Vienna Philharmonic were formed, and in 1858, the Hall  Orchestra was formed in Manchester. There had long been standing bodies of musicians around operas, but not for concert music: this situation changed in the early 19th century as part of the increasing emphasis in the composition of symphonies and other purely instrumental forms. This was encouraged by composer critics such as E. T. A. Hoffmann who declared that instrumental music was the "purest form" of music. The creation of standing orchestras also resulted in a professional framework where musicians could rehearse and perform the same works repeatedly, leading to the concept of a repertoire in instrumental music.

Performance standards[edit]

This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2015)
In the 1830s, conductor Fran ois Antoine Habeneck began rehearsing a selected group of musicians in order to perform the symphonies of Beethoven, which had not been heard in their entirety in Paris. He developed techniques of rehearsing the strings separately, notating specifics of performance, and other techniques of cuing entrances that were spread across Europe. His rival and friend Hector Berlioz would adopt many of these innovations in his touring of Europe.

Instrumental craftsmanship[edit]

Stokowski and the Philadelphia Orchestra at the March 2, 1916 American premiere of Mahler's 8th Symphony.
The invention of the piston and rotary valve by Heinrich St lzel and Friedrich Bl hmel, both Silesians, in 1815, was the first in a series of innovations, including the development of modern keywork for the flute by Theobald Boehm and the innovations of Adolphe Sax in the woodwinds. These advances would lead Hector Berlioz to write a landmark book on instrumentation, which was the first systematic treatise on the use of instrumental sound as an expressive element of music.[19]

The effect of the invention of valves for the brass was felt almost immediately: instrument-makers throughout Europe strove together to foster the use of these newly refined instruments and continuing their perfection; and the orchestra was before long enriched by a new family of valved instruments, variously known as tubas, or euphoniums and bombardons, having a chromatic scale and a full sonorous tone of great beauty and immense volume, forming a magnificent bass. This also made possible a more uniform playing of notes or intonation, which would lead to a more and more "smooth" orchestral sound that would peak in the 1950s with Eugene Ormandy and the Philadelphia Orchestra and the conducting of Herbert von Karajan with the Berlin Philharmonic.[citation needed]

During this transition period, which gradually eased the performance of more demanding "natural" brass writing, many composers (notably Wagner and Berlioz) still notated brass parts for the older "natural" instruments. This practice made it possible for players still using natural horns, for instance, to perform from the same parts as those now playing valved instruments. However, over time, use of the valved instruments became standard, indeed universal, until the revival of older instruments in the contemporary movement towards authentic performance (sometimes known as "historically informed performance").[citation needed]

At the time of the invention of the valved brass, the pit orchestra of most operetta composers seems to have been modest. An example is Sullivan's use of two flutes, one oboe, two clarinets, one bassoon, two horns, two cornets (a piston), two trombones, drums and strings.[citation needed]

During this time of invention, winds and brass were expanded, and had an increasingly easy time playing in tune with each other: particularly the ability for composers to score for large masses of wind and brass that previously had been impractical. Works such as the Requiem of Hector Berlioz would have been impossible to perform just a few decades earlier, with its demanding writing for twenty woodwinds, as well as four gigantic brass ensembles each including around four trumpets, four trombones, and two tubas.[citation needed]

Wagner's influence[edit]
The next major expansion of symphonic practice came from Richard Wagner's Bayreuth orchestra, founded to accompany his musical dramas. Wagner's works for the stage were scored with unprecedented scope and complexity: indeed, his score to Das Rheingold calls for six harps. Thus, Wagner envisioned an ever-more-demanding role for the conductor of the theatre orchestra, as he elaborated in his influential work On Conducting.[20] This brought about a revolution in orchestral composition, and set the style for orchestral performance for the next eighty years. Wagner's theories re-examined the importance of tempo, dynamics, bowing of string instruments and the role of principals in the orchestra. Conductors who studied his methods would go on to be influential themselves.[vague]

20th century orchestra[edit]
As the early 20th century dawned, symphony orchestras were larger, better funded, and better trained than ever before; consequently, composers could compose larger and more ambitious works. The influence of Gustav Mahler was particularly innovational; in his later symphonies, such as the mammoth Symphony No. 8, Mahler pushes the furthest boundaries of orchestral size, employing huge forces. By the late Romantic era, orchestras could support the most enormous forms of symphonic expression, with huge string sections, massive brass sections and an expanded range of percussion instruments. With the recording era beginning, the standards of performance were pushed to a new level, because a recorded symphony could be listened to closely and even minor errors in intonation or ensemble, which might not be noticeable in a live performance, could be heard by critics. As recording technologies improved over the 20th and 21st centuries, eventually small errors in a recording could be "fixed" by audio editing or overdubbing. Some older conductors and composers could remember a time when simply "getting through" the music as best as possible was the standard. Combined with the wider audience made possible by recording, this led to a renewed focus on particular star conductors and on a high standard of orchestral execution.[21] After sound was added to silent film, the lush sound of a full orchestra became a key component of popular film scores.[citation needed]

Counter-revolution[edit]
In the 1920s and 1930s, economic as well as artistic considerations led to the formation of smaller concert societies, particularly those dedicated to the performance of music of the avant-garde, including Igor Stravinsky and Arnold Schoenberg. This tendency to start festival orchestras or dedicated groups would also be pursued in the creation of summer musical festivals, and orchestras for the performance of smaller works. Among the most influential of these was the Academy of St Martin in the Fields under the baton of Sir Neville Marriner.[citation needed]

With the advent of the early music movement, smaller orchestras where players worked on execution of works in styles derived from the study of older treatises on playing became common. These include the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment, the London Classical Players under the direction of Sir Roger Norrington and the Academy of Ancient Music under Christopher Hogwood, among others.

Recent trends in the United States[edit]
In the United States, the late 20th century saw a crisis of funding and support for orchestras. The size and cost of a symphony orchestra, compared to the size of the base of supporters, became an issue that struck at the core of the institution. Few orchestras could fill auditoriums, and the time-honored season-subscription system became increasingly anachronistic, as more and more listeners would buy tickets on an ad hoc basis for individual events. Orchestral endowments and more centrally to the daily operation of American orchestras orchestral donors have seen investment portfolios shrink or produce lower yields, reducing the ability of donors to contribute; further, there has been a trend toward donors finding other social causes more compelling. Also, while government funding is less central to American than European orchestras, cuts in such funding are still significant for American ensembles. Finally, the drastic falling-off of revenues from recording, tied to no small extent to changes in the recording industry itself, began a period of change that has yet to reach its conclusion.

U.S. orchestras that have gone into Chapter 11 bankruptcy include the Philadelphia Orchestra (in April 2011), and the Louisville Orchestra, in December 2010; orchestras that have gone into Chapter 7 bankruptcy and have ceased operations include the Northwest Chamber Orchestra in 2006, the Honolulu Orchestra in March 2011, the New Mexico Symphony Orchestra in April 2011, and the Syracuse Symphony in June 2011. The Festival of Orchestras in Orlando, Florida ceased operations at the end of March, 2011.

One source of financial difficulties that received notice and criticism was high salaries for music directors of US orchestras,[22] which led several high-profile conductors to take pay cuts in recent years.[23][24][25] Music administrators such as Michael Tilson Thomas and Esa-Pekka Salonen argued that new music, new means of presenting it, and a renewed relationship with the community could revitalize the symphony orchestra. The American critic Greg Sandow has argued in detail that orchestras must revise their approach to music, performance, the concert experience, marketing, public relations, community involvement, and presentation to bring them in line with the expectations of 21st-century audiences immersed in popular culture.

It is not uncommon for contemporary composers to use unconventional instruments, including various synthesizers, to achieve desired effects. Many, however, find more conventional orchestral configuration to provide better possibilities for color and depth. Composers like John Adams often employ Romantic-size orchestras, as in Adams' opera Nixon in China; Philip Glass and others may be more free, yet still identify size-boundaries. Glass in particular has recently turned to conventional orchestras in works like the Concerto for Cello and Orchestra and the Violin Concerto No. 2.

Along with a decrease in funding, some U.S. orchestras have reduced their overall personnel, as well as the number of players appearing in performances. The reduced numbers in performance are usually confined to the string section, since the numbers here have traditionally been flexible (as multiple players typically play from the same part).

Conductorless orchestras[edit]
Main article: Conductorless orchestra
The post-revolutionary symphony orchestra Persimfans was formed in the Soviet Union in 1922. The unusual aspect of the orchestra was that, believing that in the ideal Marxist state all people are equal, its members felt that there was no need to be led by the dictatorial baton of a conductor; instead they were led by a committee. Although it was a partial success, the principal difficulty with the concept was in changing tempo. The orchestra survived for ten years before Stalin's cultural politics effectively forced it into disbandment by draining away its funding.[26]

Some ensembles, such as the Orpheus Chamber Orchestra, based in New York City, have had more success, although decisions are likely to be deferred to some sense of leadership within the ensemble (for example, the principal wind and string players). Others have returned to the tradition of a principal player, usually a violinist, being the artistic director and running rehearsals (such as the Australian Chamber Orchestra, Amsterdam Sinfonietta & Candida Thompson and the New Century Chamber Orchestra).

Multiple conductors[edit]
The techniques of polystylism and polytempo[27] music have recently led a few composers to write music where multiple orchestras perform simultaneously. These trends have brought about the phenomenon of polyconductor music, wherein separate sub-conductors conduct each group of musicians. Usually, one principal conductor conducts the sub-conductors, thereby shaping the overall performance. Some pieces are enormously complex in this regard, such as Evgeni Kostitsyn's Third Symphony, which calls for nine conductors.[citation needed]

For pieces involving offstage members of the orchestra, sometimes a sub-conductor will be stationed offstage with a clear view of the principal conductor. Examples include the ending of "Neptune" from Gustav Holst's The Planets and Percy Grainger's "The Warriors" which includes three conductors: the primary conductor of the orchestra, a secondary conductor directing an off-stage brass ensemble, and a tertiary conductor directing percussion and harp.

Charles Ives often used two conductors, one for example to simulate a marching band coming through his piece. Realizations for Symphonic Band includes one example from Ives. Benjamin Britten's War Requiem is also an important example of the repertoire for more than one conductor.[citation needed]

One of the best examples in the late century orchestral music is Karlheinz Stockhausen's Gruppen, for three orchestras placed around the audience. This way, the sound masses could be spacialized, as in an electroacoustic work. Gruppen was premiered in Cologne, in 1958, conducted by Stockhausen, Bruno Maderna and Pierre Boulez. Recently,[when ] it was performed by Simon Rattle, John Carewe and Daniel Harding.

Other meanings of orchestra[edit]
In Ancient Greece, the orchestra was the space between the auditorium and the proscenium (or stage), in which were stationed the chorus and the instrumentalists. The word orchestra literally means "a dancing place".[citation needed]

In some theatres, the orchestra is the area of seats directly in front of the stage (called primafila or platea); the term more properly applies to the place in a theatre, or concert hall reserved for the musicians.[citation needed]

In musical theatre, the accompaniment ensemble for the musical may be called an orchestra (more specifically a pit orchestra), even if it is composed as been the case since the development of 1960s-era rock musicals of a small chamber group of eight to twenty or more musicians, including strings, woodwinds, brass, percussion and rock instruments such as electric guitar, electric bass and synthesizer.[citation needed]
Jazz
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
For other uses, see Jazz (disambiguation).
Jazz
Louis Armstrong restored.jpg
Louis Armstrong (1901 1971) is considered one of the pivotal musicians in jazz for his contributions as a trumpet player, composer and singer.
Stylistic origins 
Blues folk marches ragtime classical music
Cultural origins  Late 19th-century United States
Typical instruments 
Double bass drums guitar (typically electric guitar) piano saxophone trumpet clarinet trombone vocals vibraphone Hammond organ harmonica
. In jazz fusion of the 1970s, electric bass, electric piano and synthesizer were common.
Derivative forms  
Funk jump blues reggae rhythm and blues ska hip hop
Subgenres
Avant-garde jazz Bebop Big band Chamber jazz Cool jazz ECM jazz Free jazz Gypsy jazz Hard bop Latin jazz Mainstream jazz Modal jazz M-Base Neo-bop Post-bop Soul jazz Swing Third stream Traditional jazz
Fusion genres
Acid jazz Afrobeat Bluegrass Crossover jazz Dansband Folk jazz Free funk Humppa Indo jazz Jam band Jazzcore Jazz funk Jazz fusion Jazz rap Kwela Mambo Manila Sound Nu jazz Nu soul Punk jazz Shibuya-kei Ska jazz Smooth jazz Swing revival World fusion
Regional scenes
Australia Azerbaijan Brazil Canada Cuba France Germany Haiti India Italy Japan Malawi Netherlands Poland South Africa Spain United Kingdom
Other topics
Jazz clubs Jazz standard Jazz (word)
Jazz is a music genre that originated from African American communities of New Orleans in the United States during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It emerged in the form of independent traditional and popular musical styles, all linked by the common bonds of African American and European American musical parentage with a performance orientation.[1] Jazz spans a period of over a hundred years, encompassing a very wide range of music, making it difficult to define. Jazz makes heavy use of improvisation, polyrhythms, syncopation and the swing note,[2] as well as aspects of European harmony, American popular music,[3] the brass band tradition, and African musical elements such as blue notes and African-American styles such as ragtime.[1] Although the foundation of jazz is deeply rooted within the black experience of the United States, different cultures have contributed their own experience and styles to the art form as well. Intellectuals around the world have hailed jazz as "one of America's original art forms".[4]

As jazz spread around the world, it drew on different national, regional, and local musical cultures, which gave rise to many distinctive styles. New Orleans jazz began in the early 1910s, combining earlier brass-band marches, French quadrilles, biguine, ragtime and blues with collective polyphonic improvisation. In the 1930s, heavily arranged dance-oriented swing big bands, Kansas City jazz, a hard-swinging, bluesy, improvisational style and Gypsy jazz (a style that emphasized musette waltzes) were the prominent styles. Bebop emerged in the 1940s, shifting jazz from danceable popular music toward a more challenging "musician's music" which was played at faster tempos and used more chord-based improvisation. Cool jazz developed in the end of the 1940s, introducing calmer, smoother sounds and long, linear melodic lines.

The 1950s saw the emergence of free jazz, which explored playing without regular meter, beat and formal structures, and in the mid-1950s, hard bop emerged, which introduced influences from rhythm and blues, gospel, and blues, especially in the saxophone and piano playing. Modal jazz developed in the late 1950s, using the mode, or musical scale, as the basis of musical structure and improvisation. Jazz-rock fusion appeared in the late 1960s and early 1970s, combining jazz improvisation with rock music's rhythms, electric instruments and the highly amplified stage sound. In the early 1980s, a commercial form of jazz fusion called smooth jazz became successful, garnering significant radio airplay. Other styles and genres abound in the 2000s, such as Latin and Afro-Cuban jazz.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Etymology and definition
2 Elements and issues
2.1 Improvisation
2.2 Tradition and race
2.3 Role of women
3 History
3.1 Origins
3.1.1 Blended African and European music sensibilities
3.1.1.1 African rhythmic retention
3.1.2 "Spanish tinge" the Afro-Cuban rhythmic influence
3.2 1890s 1910s
3.2.1 Ragtime
3.2.2 Blues
3.2.2.1 African genesis
3.2.2.2 W. C. Handy: early published blues
3.2.2.3 Within the context of Western harmony
3.2.3 New Orleans
3.2.3.1 Syncopation
3.2.3.2 Swing
3.2.4 Other regions
3.3 1920s and 1930s
3.3.1 Jazz Age
3.3.2 Swing
3.3.3 Beginnings of European jazz
3.4 1940s and 1950s
3.4.1 "American music" the influence of Ellington
3.4.2 Bebop
3.4.2.1 Rhythm
3.4.2.2 Harmony
3.4.3 Afro-Cuban jazz (cu-bop)
3.4.3.1 Machito and Mario Bauza
3.4.3.2 Dizzy Gillespie and Chano Pozo
3.4.3.3 African cross-rhythm
3.4.4 Dixieland revival
3.4.5 Cool jazz and West Coast jazz
3.4.6 Hard bop
3.4.7 Modal jazz
3.4.8 Free jazz
3.4.8.1 Free jazz in Europe
3.5 1960s and 1970s
3.5.1 Latin jazz
3.5.1.1 Afro-Cuban jazz
3.5.1.1.1 Guajeos
3.5.1.1.2 Afro-Cuban jazz renaissance
3.5.1.2 Afro-Brazilian jazz
3.5.2 Post-bop
3.5.3 Soul jazz
3.5.4 African-inspired
3.5.4.1 Themes
3.5.4.2 Rhythm
3.5.4.3 Pentatonic scales
3.5.5 Jazz fusion
3.5.5.1 Miles Davis' new directions
3.5.5.2 Psychedelic-jazz
3.5.5.2.1 Bitches Brew
3.5.5.2.2 Herbie Hancock
3.5.5.2.3 Weather Report
3.5.5.3 Jazz-rock
3.5.6 Jazz-funk
3.5.7 Other trends
3.6 1980s
3.6.1 Resurgence of traditionalism
3.6.2 Smooth jazz
3.6.3 Acid jazz, nu jazz and jazz rap
3.6.4 Punk jazz and jazzcore
3.6.5 M-Base
3.7 1990s 2010s
4 See also
5 Notes
6 References
7 External links
Etymology and definition[edit]

Albert Gleizes, 1915, Composition pour Jazz, from the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York
The question of the origin of the word jazz has resulted in considerable research, and its history is well documented. The word began [under various spellings] as West Coast slang around 1912, the meaning of which varied but did not refer to music. The use of the word in a musical context was documented as early as 1915 in the Chicago Daily Tribune.[5] Its first documented use in a musical context in New Orleans was in a November 14, 1916 Times-Picayune article about "jas bands."[6] The American Dialect Society named it the Word of the Twentieth Century.

Jazz has proved to be very difficult to define, since it encompasses such a wide range of music spanning a period of over 100 years, from ragtime to the 2010-era rock-infused fusion. Attempts have been made to define jazz from the perspective of other musical traditions, such as European music history or African music. But critic Joachim-Ernst Berendt argues that its terms of reference and its definition should be broader,[7] defining jazz as a "form of art music which originated in the United States through the confrontation of the Negro with European music"[8] and arguing that it differs from European music in that jazz has a "special relationship to time defined as 'swing'", involves "a spontaneity and vitality of musical production in which improvisation plays a role" and contains a "sonority and manner of phrasing which mirror the individuality of the performing jazz musician".[7] In the opinion of Robert Christgau, "most of us would say that inventing meaning while letting loose is the essence and promise of jazz."[9]

A broader definition that encompasses all of the radically different eras of jazz has been proposed by Travis Jackson: "it is music that includes qualities such as swing, improvising, group interaction, developing an 'individual voice', and being open to different musical possibilities".[10] Krin Gibbard has provided an overview of the discussion on definitions, arguing that "jazz is a construct" that, while artificial, still is useful to designate "a number of musics with enough in common to be understood as part of a coherent tradition".[11] In contrast to the efforts of commentators and enthusiasts of certain types of jazz, who have argued for narrower definitions that exclude other types, the musicians themselves are often reluctant to define the music they play. As Duke Ellington, one of jazz's most famous figures, said: "It's all music".[12]

Elements and issues[edit]
Improvisation[edit]

Double bassist Reggie Workman, saxophone player Pharoah Sanders, and drummer Idris Muhammad performing in 1978
Main article: Jazz improvisation
"In 1979, I visited the then 92-year-old Blake at his home in the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn. He said that when this music made its way to the New York stage, it was a given a racier name   one that Blake says was derogatory. He wouldn't even say the word, only spell it.

"When Broadway picked it up, they called it 'J-A-Z-Z,'" he says. "It wasn't called that. It was spelled 'J-A-S-S.' That was dirty, and if you knew what it was, you wouldn't say it in front of ladies."[13]

Although jazz is considered highly difficult to define, at least in part because it contains so many varied subgenres, improvisation is consistently regarded as being one of its key elements. The centrality of improvisation in jazz is attributed to influential earlier forms of music: the early blues, a form of folk music which arose in part from the work songs and field hollers of the African-American slaves on plantations. These were commonly structured around a repetitive call-and-response pattern, but early blues was also highly improvisational. European classical music performance is evaluated by its fidelity to the musical score, with much less discretion over interpretation, ornamentation and accompaniment: the classical performer's primary goal is to play a composition as it was written. In contrast, jazz is often characterized as the product of group creativity, interaction, and collaboration, which places varying degrees of value on the contributions of composer (if there is one) and performers.[14] In jazz, the skilled performer will interpret a tune in very individual ways, never playing the same composition the same way twice; depending on the performer's mood and personal experience, interactions with other musicians, or even members of the audience, a jazz musician may alter melodies, harmonies or time signature at will.[15]

The approach to improvisation has developed enormously over the history of the music. In early New Orleans and Dixieland jazz, performers took turns playing the melody, while others improvised countermelodies. By the swing era, big bands were coming to rely more on arranged music: arrangements were either written or learned by ear and memorized, while individual soloists would improvise within these arrangements. Later, in bebop the focus shifted back toward small groups and minimal arrangements; the melody would be stated briefly at the start and end of a piece, but the core of the performance would be the series of improvisations. Later styles such as modal jazz abandoned the strict notion of a chord progression, allowing the individual musicians to improvise even more freely within the context of a given scale or mode. In many forms of jazz, a soloist is often supported by a rhythm section consisting of one or more chordal instruments (piano, guitar, etc.), double bass playing the basslines and drum kit. These performers provide accompaniment by playing chords and rhythms that outline the song structure and complement the soloist.[16] In avant-garde and free jazz idioms, the separation of soloist and band is reduced, and there is license, or even a requirement, for the abandoning of chords, scales and rhythmic meters.

Tradition and race[edit]
Since at least the emergence of bebop, forms of jazz that are commercially oriented or influenced by popular music have been criticized by purists. According to Bruce Johnson, there has always been a "tension between jazz as a commercial music and an art form".[10] Traditional jazz enthusiasts have dismissed bebop, free jazz, the 1970s jazz fusion era and much else as periods of debasement of the music and betrayals of the tradition. An alternative viewpoint is that jazz is able to absorb and transform influences from diverse musical styles,[17] and that, by avoiding the creation of 'norms', other newer, avant-garde forms of jazz will be free to emerge.[10]

To some African Americans, jazz has highlighted their contribution to American society and helped bring attention to black history and culture, but for others, the music and term "jazz" are reminders of "an oppressive and racist society and restrictions on their artistic visions".[18] Amiri Baraka argues that there is a distinct "white jazz" music genre expressive of whiteness.[19] White jazz musicians appeared in the early 1920s in the Midwestern United States, as well as other areas. Bix Beiderbecke was one of the most prominent white jazz musicians.[20] An influential style referred to as the Chicago School (or Chicago Style) was developed by white musicians including Bud Freeman, Jimmy McPartland. Frank Teschemacher, Dave Tough, and Eddie Condon. Others from Chicago such as Benny Goodman and Gene Krupa became leading members of big-band swing during the 1930s.[21]

Role of women[edit]

Lovie Austin was a prominent Chicago-based jazz musician of the 1920s classic blues era.[22]

Ethel Waters sang Stormy Weather at the Cotton Club

Betty Carter was known for her improvisational style and scatting.

Adelaide Hall made the Guinness Book of World Records in 2003 as the world's most enduring recording artist, having released material over eight consecutive decades.
Women jazz performers and composers have contributed throughout jazz history. While women such as Billie Holiday, Ella Fitzgerald, Dinah Washington, Ethel Waters, Betty Carter, Adelaide Hall, Abbey Lincoln, and Anita O'Day are famous for their jazz singing, women have achieved much less recognition for their contributions as composers, bandleaders, and instrumental performers. Other notable jazz women include piano player Lil Hardin Armstrong and jazz songwriters Irene Higginbotham (1918-1988) and Dorothy Fields (1905-1974). Women began playing instruments in jazz in the early 1920s, with the piano being one of the earliest instruments used which allowed female artists a degree of social acceptance.[23] Some well known artists of the time include Sweet Emma Barrett, Mary Lou Williams, Billie Pierce, Jeanette Kimball and Lovie Austin.

When the men were drafted for WWII, many all-women big band jazz bands took over.[23] The International Sweethearts of Rhythm (founded 1937) was a well-known jazz group of this era, becoming the first all-women integrated band in the U.S., touring Europe in 1945 and becoming the first black women to travel with the USO. The dress codes of the era required women to wear strapless dresses and high heeled shoes, which was somewhat of a hindrance to the integration of women into the big bands of suit-wearing men. Nevertheless, women were hired into many of the big-league big bands such as Woody Herman and Gerald Wilson.

History[edit]
Jazz originated in the late 19th to early 20th century as interpretations of American and European classical music entwined with African and slave folk songs and the influences of West African culture.[24] Its composition and style have changed many times throughout the years with each performer's personal interpretation and improvisation, which is also one of the greatest appeals of the genre.[25]

Origins[edit]
Blended African and European music sensibilities[edit]
By 1866, the Atlantic slave trade had brought nearly 400,000 Africans to North America.[26][27] The slaves came largely from West Africa and the greater Congo River basin, and brought strong musical traditions with them.[28] The African traditions primarily make use of a single-line melody and call-and-response pattern, and the rhythms have a counter-metric structure and reflect African speech patterns.


Dance in Congo Square in the late 1700s, artist's conception by E. W. Kemble from a century later.

In the late 18th-century painting The Old Plantation, African-Americans dance to banjo and percussion.
Lavish festivals featuring African-based dances to drums were organized on Sundays at Place Congo, or Congo Square, in New Orleans until 1843.[29] There are historical accounts of other music and dance gatherings elsewhere in the southern United States. Robert Palmer said of percussive slave music:

Usually such music was associated with annual festivals, when the year's crop was harvested and several days were set aside for celebration. As late as 1861, a traveler in North Carolina saw dancers dressed in costumes that included horned headdresses and cow tails and heard music provided by a sheepskin-covered "gumbo box", apparently a frame drum; triangles and jawbones furnished the auxiliary percussion. There are quite a few [accounts] from the southeastern states and Louisiana dating from the period 1820 1850. Some of the earliest [Mississippi] Delta settlers came from the vicinity of New Orleans, where drumming was never actively discouraged for very long and homemade drums were used to accompany public dancing until the outbreak of the Civil War.[30]

Another influence came from the harmonic style of hymns of the church, which black slaves had learned and incorporated into their own music as spirituals.[31] The origins of the blues are undocumented, though they can be seen as the secular counterpart of the spirituals. However, as Gerhard Kubik points out, whereas the spirituals are homophonic, rural blues and early jazz "was largely based on concepts of heterophony."[32]


The blackface Virginia Minstrels in 1843, featuring tambourine, fiddle, banjo and bones.
During the early 19th century an increasing number of black musicians learned to play European instruments, particularly the violin, which they used to parody European dance music in their own cakewalk dances. In turn, European-American minstrel show performers in blackface popularized the music internationally, combining syncopation with European harmonic accompaniment. In the mid-1800s the white New Orleans composer Louis Moreau Gottschalk adapted slave rhythms and melodies from Cuba and other Caribbean islands into piano salon music. New Orleans was the main nexus between the Afro-Caribbean and African-American cultures.

African rhythmic retention[edit]
The "Black Codes" outlawed drumming by slaves, which meant that African drumming traditions were not preserved in North America, unlike in Cuba, Haiti, and elsewhere in the Caribbean. African-based rhythmic patterns were retained in the United States in large part through "body rhythms" such as stomping, clapping, and patting juba.[33]

In the opinion of jazz historian Ernest Borneman, what preceded New Orleans jazz before 1890 was "Afro-Latin music", similar to what was played in the Caribbean at the time.[34] A three-stroke pattern known in Cuban music as tresillo is a fundamental rhythmic figure heard in many different slave musics of the Caribbean, as well as the Afro-Caribbean folk dances performed in New Orleans Congo Square and Gottschalk's compositions (for example "Souvenirs From Havana" (1859)). Tresillo is the most basic and most prevalent duple-pulse rhythmic cell in sub-Saharan African music traditions and the music of the African Diaspora.[35][36]


Tresillo.[37][38] About this sound Play (help info)
Tresillo is heard prominently in New Orleans second line music and in other forms of popular music from that city from the turn of the 20th century to present.[39] "By and large the simpler African rhythmic patterns survived in jazz ... because they could be adapted more readily to European rhythmic conceptions," the Jazz historian Gunther Schuller observed. "Some survived, others were discarded as the Europeanization progressed."[40]

In the post-Civil War period (after 1865), African Americans were able to obtain surplus military bass drums, snare drums and fifes, and an original African-American drum and fife music emerged, featuring tresillo and related syncopated rhythmic figures.[41] This was a drumming tradition that was distinct from its Caribbean counterparts, expressing a uniquely African-American sensibility. "The snare and bass drummers played syncopated cross-rhythms," observed the writer Robert Palmer (writer), speculating that "this tradition must have dated back to the latter half of the nineteenth century, and it could have not have developed in the first place if there hadn't been a reservoir of polyrhythmic sophistication in the culture it nurtured."[42]

"Spanish tinge" the Afro-Cuban rhythmic influence[edit]
African-American music began incorporating Afro-Cuban rhythmic motifs in the 19th century, when the habanera (Cuban contradanza) gained international popularity.[43] Musicians from Havana and New Orleans would take the twice-daily ferry between both cities to perform, and the habanera quickly took root in the musically fertile Crescent City. John Storm Roberts states that the musical genre habanera "reached the U.S. twenty years before the first rag was published."[44] For the more than quarter-century in which the cakewalk, ragtime, and proto-jazz were forming and developing, the habanera was a consistent part of African-American popular music.[45]

Habaneras were widely available as sheet music, and were the first written music which was rhythmically based on an African motif (1803),[46] From the perspective of African-American music, the habanera rhythm (also known as congo,[47] tango-congo,[48] or tango.[49]) can be thought of as a combination of tresillo and the backbeat.[50] The habanera was the first of many Cuban music genres which enjoyed periods of popularity in the United States, and reinforced and inspired the use of tresillo-based rhythms in African-American music.


Habanera rhythm written as a combination of tresillo (bottom notes) with the backbeat (top note). About this sound Play (help info)
New Orleans native Louis Moreau Gottschalk's piano piece "Ojos Criollos (Danse Cubaine)" (1860) was influenced by the composer's studies in Cuba: the habanera rhythm is clearly heard in the left hand.[51] In Gottschalk's symphonic work "A Night in the Tropics" (1859), the tresillo variant cinquillo appears extensively.[52] The figure was later used by Scott Joplin and other ragtime composers.


Cinquillo. About this sound Play (help info)
Comparing the music of New Orleans with the music of Cuba, Wynton Marsalis observes that tresillo is the New Orleans "clave", a Spanish word meaning 'code' or 'key', as in the key to a puzzle, or mystery.[53] Although technically the pattern is only half a clave, Marsalis makes the point that the single-celled figure is the guide-pattern of New Orleans music. Jelly Roll Morton called the rhythmic figure the Spanish tinge, and considered it an essential ingredient of jazz.[54]

1890s 1910s[edit]
Ragtime[edit]
Main article: Ragtime

Scott Joplin in 1903
The abolition of slavery in 1865 led to new opportunities for the education of freed African Americans. Although strict segregation limited employment opportunities for most blacks, many were able to find work in entertainment. Black musicians were able to provide entertainment in dances, minstrel shows, and in vaudeville, during which time many marching bands were formed. Black pianists played in bars, clubs and brothels, as ragtime developed.[55][56]

Ragtime appeared as sheet music, popularized by African-American musicians such as the entertainer Ernest Hogan, whose hit songs appeared in 1895. Two years later, Vess Ossman recorded a medley of these songs as a banjo solo known as "Rag Time Medley".[57][58] Also in 1897, the white composer William H. Krell published his "Mississippi Rag" as the first written piano instrumental ragtime piece, and Tom Turpin published his "Harlem Rag", the first rag published by an African-American.

The classically trained pianist Scott Joplin produced his "Original Rags" in 1898, and in 1899 had an international hit with "Maple Leaf Rag", a multi-strain ragtime march with four parts that feature recurring themes and a bass line with copious seventh chords. Its structure was the basis for many other rags, and the syncopations in the right hand, especially in the transition between the first and second strain, were novel at the time.[59]


Excerpt from "Maple Leaf Rag" by Scott Joplin (1899). Seventh chord resolution.[60] About this sound Play (help info). Note that the seventh resolves down by half step.
African-based rhythmic patterns such as tresillo and its variants, the habanera rhythm and cinquillo, are heard in the ragtime compositions of Joplin, Turpin, and others. Joplin's "Solace" (1909) is generally considered to be within the habanera genre:[47][61] both of the pianist's hands play in a syncopated fashion, completely abandoning any sense of a march rhythm. Ned Sublette postulates that the tresillo/habanera rhythm "found its way into ragtime and the cakewalk,"[62] whilst Roberts suggests that "the habanera influence may have been part of what freed black music from ragtime's European bass."[63]

Blues[edit]
Main article: Blues
African genesis[edit]

About this sound Play blues scale (help info) or About this sound pentatonic scale (help info)
Blues is the name given to both a musical form and a music genre,[64] which originated in African-American communities of primarily the "Deep South" of the United States at the end of the 19th century from their spirituals, work songs, field hollers, shouts and chants and rhymed simple narrative ballads.[65]

The African use of pentatonic scales contributed to the development of blue notes in blues and jazz.[66] As Kubik explains:

Many of the rural blues of the Deep South are stylistically an extension and merger of basically two broad accompanied song-style traditions in the west central Sudanic belt:

A strongly Arabic/Islamic song style, as found for example among the Hausa. It is characterized by melisma, wavy intonation, pitch instabilities within a pentatonic framework, and a declamatory voice.
An ancient west central Sudanic stratum of pentatonic song composition, often associated with simple work rhythms in a regular meter, but with notable off-beat accents (1999: 94).[67]
W. C. Handy: early published blues[edit]

WC Handy age 19, 1892
W. C. Handy became intrigued by the folk blues of the Deep South whilst traveling through the Mississippi Delta. In this folk blues form, the singer would improvise freely within a limited melodic range, sounding like a field holler, and the guitar accompaniment was slapped rather than strummed, like a small drum which responded in syncopated accents, functioning as another "voice".[68] Handy and his band members were formally trained African-American musicians who had not grown up with the blues, yet he was able to adapt the blues to a larger band instrument format, and arrange them in a popular music form.

Handy wrote about his adopting of the blues:

The primitive southern Negro, as he sang, was sure to bear down on the third and seventh tone of the scale, slurring between major and minor. Whether in the cotton field of the Delta or on the Levee up St. Louis way, it was always the same. Till then, however, I had never heard this slur used by a more sophisticated Negro, or by any white man. I tried to convey this effect ... by introducing flat thirds and sevenths (now called blue notes) into my song, although its prevailing key was major ..., and I carried this device into my melody as well.[69]

The publication of his "Memphis Blues" sheet music in 1912 introduced the 12-bar blues to the world (although Gunther Schuller argues that it is not really a blues, but "more like a cakewalk"[70]). This composition, as well as his later "St. Louis Blues" and others, included the habanera rhythm,[71] and would become jazz standards. Handy's music career began in the pre-jazz era, and contributed to the codification of jazz through the publication of some of the first jazz sheet music.

Within the context of Western harmony[edit]
The blues form which is ubiquitous in jazz is characterized by specific chord progressions, of which the twelve-bar blues progression is the most common. An important part of the sound are the blue notes which, for expressive purposes, are sung or played flattened, or gradually bent (minor 3rd to major 3rd) in relation to the pitch of the major scale. The blues were the key that opened up an entirely new approach to Western harmony, ultimately leading to a high level of harmonic complexity in jazz.

New Orleans[edit]
Main article: Dixieland

The Bolden Band around 1905.
The music of New Orleans had a profound effect on the creation of early jazz. Many early jazz performers played in venues throughout the city, such as the brothels and bars of the red-light district around Basin Street, known as "Storyville".[72] In addition to dance bands, there were numerous marching bands who played at lavish funerals (later called jazz funerals), which were arranged by the African-American and European American communities. The instruments used in marching bands and dance bands became the basic instruments of jazz: brass, reeds tuned in the European 12-tone scale, and drums. Small bands which mixed self-taught and well educated African-American musicians, many of whom came from the funeral-procession tradition of New Orleans, played a seminal role in the development and dissemination of early jazz. These bands travelled throughout Black communities in the Deep South and, from around 1914 onwards, Afro-Creole and African-American musicians played in vaudeville shows which took jazz to western and northern US cities.[73]

In New Orleans, a white marching band leader named Papa Jack Laine integrated blacks and whites in his marching band. Laine was known as "the father of white jazz" because of the many top players who passed through his bands (including George Brunies, Sharkey Bonano and the future members of the Original Dixieland Jass Band). Laine was a good talent scout. During the early 1900s jazz was mostly done in the African-American and mulatto communities, due to segregation laws. The red light district of Storyville, New Orleans was crucial in bringing jazz music to a wider audience via tourists who came to the port city.[74] Many jazz musicians from the African-American communities were hired to perform live music in brothels and bars, including many early jazz pioneers such as Buddy Bolden and Jelly Roll Morton, in addition to those from New Orleans other communities such as Lorenzo Tio and Alcide Nunez. Louis Armstrong also got his start in Storyville[75] and would later find success in Chicago (along with others from New Orleans) after the United States government shut down Storyville in 1917.[76]

Syncopation[edit]
The cornetist Buddy Bolden led a band who are often mentioned as one of the prime originators of the style later to be called "jazz". He played in New Orleans around 1895 1906, before developing a mental illness; there are no recordings of him playing. Bolden's band is credited with creating the big four, the first syncopated bass drum pattern to deviate from the standard on-the-beat march.[77] As the example below shows, the second half of the big four pattern is the habanera rhythm.


Buddy Bolden's "big four" pattern.[78] About this sound Play (help info)

Morton published "Jelly Roll Blues" in 1915, the first jazz work in print.
Afro-Creole pianist Jelly Roll Morton began his career in Storyville. From 1904, he toured with vaudeville shows around southern cities, also playing in Chicago and New York. In 1905 he composed his "Jelly Roll Blues", which on its publication in 1915 became the first jazz arrangement in print, introducing more musicians to the New Orleans style.[79]

Morton considered the tresillo/habanera (which he called the Spanish tinge) to be an essential ingredient of jazz.[80] In his own words:

Now in one of my earliest tunes, "New Orleans Blues," you can notice the Spanish tinge. In fact, if you can't manage to put tinges of Spanish in your tunes, you will never be able to get the right seasoning, I call it, for jazz.[54]


Excerpt from Jelly Roll Morton's "New Orleans Blues" (c. 1902). The left hand plays the tresillo rhythm. The right hand plays variations on cinquillo. About this sound Play (help info)
Morton was a crucial innovator in the evolution from the early jazz form known as ragtime to jazz piano, and could perform pieces in either style; in 1938, Morton made a series of recordings for the Library of Congress, in which he demonstrated the difference between the two styles. Morton's solos however were still close to ragtime, and were not merely improvisations over chord changes as in later jazz; but his use of the blues was of equal importance.

Swing[edit]

Bottom: even duple subdivisions of the beat. Top: swung correlative contrasting of duple and triple subdivisions of the beat. About this sound Play straight drum pattern (help info) or About this sound Play swung pattern (help info)
Morton loosened ragtime's rigid rhythmic feeling, decreasing its embellishments and employing a swing feeling.[81] Swing is the most important and enduring African-based rhythmic technique used in jazz. An oft quoted definition of swing by Louis Armstrong is: "if you don't feel it, you'll never know it."[82] The New Harvard Dictionary of Music states that swing is: "An intangible rhythmic momentum in jazz ... Swing defies analysis; claims to its presence may inspire arguments." The dictionary does nonetheless provide the useful description of triple subdivisions of the beat contrasted with duple subdivisions:[83] swing superimposes six subdivisions of the beat over a basic pulse structure or four subdivisions. This aspect of swing is far more prevalent in African-American music than in Afro-Caribbean music. One aspect of swing, which is heard in more rhythmically complex Diaspora musics, places strokes in-between the triple and duple-pulse "grids".[84]

New Orleans brass bands are a lasting influence, contributing horn players to the world of professional jazz with the distinct sound of the city whilst helping black children escape poverty. The leader of New Orleans' Camelia Brass Band, D'Jalma Ganier, taught Louis Armstrong to play trumpet; Armstrong would then popularize the New Orleans style of trumpet playing, and then expand it. Like Jelly Roll Morton, Armstrong is also credited with the abandonment of ragtime's stiffness in favor of swung notes. Armstrong, perhaps more than any other musician, codified the rhythmic technique of swing in jazz, and broadened the jazz solo vocabulary.[85]


Sheet music for "Livery Stable Blues"/"Barnyard Blues" by the Original Dixieland Jazz Band, Leo Feist, Inc., New York, copyright 1917.
The Original Dixieland Jass Band made the music's first recordings early in 1917, and their "Livery Stable Blues" became the earliest released jazz record.[86][87][88][89][90][91][92] That year, numerous other bands made recordings featuring "jazz" in the title or band name, but most were ragtime or novelty records rather than jazz. In February 1918 during World War I, James Reese Europe's "Hellfighters" infantry band took ragtime to Europe,[93] then on their return recorded Dixieland standards including "Darktown Strutters' Ball".[94]

Other regions[edit]
In the northeastern United States, a "hot" style of playing ragtime had developed, notably James Reese Europe's symphonic Clef Club orchestra in New York, which played a benefit concert at Carnegie Hall in 1912.[94][95] The Baltimore rag style of Eubie Blake influenced James P. Johnson's development of stride piano playing, in which the right hand plays the melody, while the left hand provides the rhythm and bassline.[96]

In Ohio and elsewhere in the midwest the major influence was ragtime, until about 1919. Around 1912, when the four-string banjo and saxophone came in, musicians began to improvise the melody line, but the harmony and rhythm remained unchanged. A contemporary account states that blues could only be heard in jazz in the gut-bucket cabarets, which were generally looked down upon by the Black middle-class.[97]

1920s and 1930s[edit]
Jazz Age[edit]
Main article: Jazz Age

Jazz Me Blues
MENU0:00
The Original Dixieland Jass Band performing "Jazz Me Blues", an example of a jazz piece from 1921.
Problems playing this file  See media help.

The King & Carter Jazzing Orchestra photographed in Houston, Texas, January 1921.
From 1920 to 1933 Prohibition in the United States banned the sale of alcoholic drinks, resulting in illicit speakeasies which became lively venues of the "Jazz Age", hosting popular music including current dance songs, novelty songs and show tunes. Jazz began to get a reputation as being immoral, and many members of the older generations saw it as threatening the old cultural values and promoting the new decadent values of the Roaring 20s. Professor Henry van Dyke of Princeton University wrote: "... it is not music at all. It's merely an irritation of the nerves of hearing, a sensual teasing of the strings of physical passion."[98] The media too began to denigrate jazz. The New York Times used stories and headlines to pick at jazz: Siberian villagers were said by the paper to have used jazz to scare off bears, when in fact they had used pots and pans; another story claimed that the fatal heart attack of a celebrated conductor was caused by jazz.[98]

In 1919 Kid Ory's Original Creole Jazz Band of musicians from New Orleans began playing in San Francisco and Los Angeles, where in 1922 they became the first black jazz band of New Orleans origin to make recordings.[99][100] That year also saw the first recording by Bessie Smith, the most famous of the 1920s blues singers.[101] Chicago meanwhile was the main center developing the new "Hot Jazz", where King Oliver joined Bill Johnson. Bix Beiderbecke formed The Wolverines in 1924.

Despite its Southern black origins, there was a larger market for jazzy dance music played by white orchestras. In 1918 Paul Whiteman and his orchestra became a hit in San Francisco, California, signing with Victor Talking Machine Company in 1920 and becoming the top bandleader of the 1920s, giving "hot jazz" a white component, hiring white musicians including Bix Beiderbecke, Jimmy Dorsey, Tommy Dorsey, Frankie Trumbauer, and Joe Venuti. In 1924 Whiteman commissioned Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue, which was premiered by his orchestra. After the band successfully toured Europe, huge hot jazz orchestras in theater pits caught on with other whites, including Fred Waring, Jean Goldkette, and Nathaniel Shilkret. Whiteman's success was based on a "rhetoric of domestication" according to which he had elevated and rendered valuable (read "white") a previously inchoate (read "black") kind of music.[102]

Whiteman's success caused blacks to follow suit, including Earl Hines (who opened in The Grand Terrace Cafe in Chicago in 1928), Duke Ellington (who opened at the Cotton Club in Harlem in 1927), Lionel Hampton, Fletcher Henderson, Claude Hopkins, and Don Redman, with Henderson and Redman developing the "talking to one another" formula for "hot" Swing music.[103]

In 1924 Louis Armstrong joined the Fletcher Henderson dance band for a year, as featured soloist. The original New Orleans style was polyphonic, with theme variation and simultaneous collective improvisation. Armstrong was a master of his hometown style, but by the time he joined Henderson's band, he was already a trailblazer in a new phase of jazz, with its emphasis on arrangements and soloists. Armstrong's solos went well beyond the theme-improvisation concept, and extemporized on chords, rather than melodies. According to Schuller, by comparison, the solos by Armstrong's bandmates (including a young Coleman Hawkins), sounded "stiff, stodgy," with "jerky rhythms and a grey undistinguished tone quality."[104] The following example shows a short excerpt of the straight melody of "Mandy, Make Up Your Mind" by George W. Meyer and Arthur Johnston (top), compared with Armstrong's solo improvisations (below) (recorded 1924).[105] (The example approximates Armstrong's solo, as it doesn't convey his use of swing.)

Also in the 1920s Skiffle, jazz played with homemade instruments such as washboard, jugs, musical saw, kazoos, etc. began to be recorded in Chicago, Ill., later merging with country music.


Top: excerpt from the straight melody of "Mandy, Make Up Your Mind" by George W. Meyer & Arthur Johnston. Bottom: corresponding solo excerpt by Louis Armstrong (1924).
Armstrong's solos were a significant factor in making jazz a true 20th-century language. After leaving Henderson's group, Armstrong formed his virtuosic Hot Five band, where he popularized scat singing.[106]

Jelly Roll Morton recorded with the New Orleans Rhythm Kings in an early mixed-race collaboration, then in 1926 formed his Red Hot Peppers.

By 1930 the New Orleans-style ensemble was a relic, and jazz belonged to the world.[107]

Swing[edit]
Main articles: Swing music and 1930s in jazz

Benny Goodman (1943)
The 1930s belonged to popular swing big bands, in which some virtuoso soloists became as famous as the band leaders. Key figures in developing the "big" jazz band included bandleaders and arrangers Count Basie, Cab Calloway, Jimmy and Tommy Dorsey, Duke Ellington, Benny Goodman, Fletcher Henderson, Earl Hines, Glenn Miller, Artie Shaw, Harry James, and Jimmie Lunceford. Although it was a collective sound, swing also offered individual musicians a chance to "solo" and improvise melodic, thematic solos which could at times be very complex "important" music.

Swing was also dance music. It was broadcast on the radio "live" nightly across America for many years, especially by Earl Hines and his Grand Terrace Cafe Orchestra broadcasting coast-to-coast from Chicago[108] (well placed for "live" US time-zones).

Over time, social strictures regarding racial segregation began to relax in America: white bandleaders began to recruit black musicians and black bandleaders white ones. In the mid-1930, Benny Goodman hired pianist Teddy Wilson, vibraphonist Lionel Hampton and guitarist Charlie Christian to join small groups. In the 1930s, Kansas City Jazz as exemplified by tenor saxophonist Lester Young (inventor of much of hipster jargon) marked the transition from big bands to the bebop influence of the 1940s. An early 1940s style known as "jumping the blues" or jump blues used small combos, uptempo music and blues chord progressions, drawing on boogie-woogie from the 1930s.

Beginnings of European jazz[edit]
As only a limited amount of American jazz records were released in Europe, European jazz traces many of its roots to American artists such as James Reese Europe, Paul Whiteman and Lonnie Johnson, who visited Europe during and after World War I. It was their live performances which inspired European audiences' interest in jazz, as well as the interest in all things American (and therefore exotic) which accompanied the economic and political woes of Europe during this time.[109] The beginnings of a distinct European style of jazz began to emerge in this interwar period.

British jazz began with a tour by the Original Dixieland Jazz Band in 1919. In 1926 Fred Elizalde and His Cambridge Undergraduates began broadcasting on the BBC.

This distinct style entered full swing in France with the Quintette du Hot Club de France, which began in 1934. Much of this French jazz was a combination of African-American jazz and the symphonic styles in which French musicians were well-trained; in this, it is easy to see the inspiration taken from Paul Whiteman, since his style was also a fusion of the two.[110] Belgian guitar virtuoso Django Reinhardt popularized gypsy jazz, a mix of 1930s American swing, French dance hall "musette" and Eastern European folk with a languid, seductive feel; the main instruments are steel stringed guitar, violin, and double bass, and solos pass from one player to another as the guitar and bass play the role of the rhythm section. Some music researchers hold that it was Philadelphia's Eddie Lang and Joe Venuti who pioneered the guitar-violin partnership typical of the genre,[111] which was brought to France after they had been heard live or on Okeh Records in the late 1920s.[112]

1940s and 1950s[edit]
"American music" the influence of Ellington[edit]

Duke Ellington at the Hurricane Club (1943)
By the 1940s, Duke Ellington's music had transcended the bounds of swing, bridging jazz and art music in a natural synthesis. Ellington called his music "American Music" rather than jazz, and liked to describe those who impressed him as "beyond category."[113] These included many of the musicians who were members of his orchestra, some of whom are considered among the best in jazz in their own right, but it was Ellington who melded them into one of the most well-known jazz orchestral units in the history of jazz. He often composed specifically for the style and skills of these individuals, such as "Jeep's Blues" for Johnny Hodges, "Concerto for Cootie" for Cootie Williams (which later became "Do Nothing Till You Hear from Me" with Bob Russell's lyrics), and "The Mooche" for Tricky Sam Nanton and Bubber Miley. He also recorded songs written by his bandsmen, such as Juan Tizol's "Caravan" and "Perdido", which brought the "Spanish Tinge" to big-band jazz. Several members of the orchestra remained with him for several decades. The band reached a creative peak in the early 1940s, when Ellington and a small hand-picked group of his composers and arrangers wrote for an orchestra of distinctive voices who displayed tremendous creativity.[114]

Bebop[edit]
Main article: Bebop
See also: List of bebop musicians

Thelonious Monk at Minton's Playhouse, 1947, New York City.

Earl Hines 1947
In the early 1940s, bebop-style performers began to shift jazz from danceable popular music toward a more challenging "musician's music." The most influential bebop musicians included saxophonist Charlie Parker, pianists Bud Powell and Thelonious Monk, trumpeters Dizzy Gillespie and Clifford Brown, and drummer Max Roach. Divorcing itself from dance music, bebop established itself more as an art form, thus lessening its potential popular and commercial appeal.

Composer Gunther Schuller wrote:

... In 1943 I heard the great Earl Hines band which had Bird in it and all those other great musicians. They were playing all the flatted fifth chords and all the modern harmonies and substitutions and Dizzy Gillespie runs in the trumpet section work. Two years later I read that that was 'bop' and the beginning of modern jazz ... but the band never made recordings.[115]

Dizzy Gillespie wrote:

... People talk about the Hines band being 'the incubator of bop' and the leading exponents of that music ended up in the Hines band. But people also have the erroneous impression that the music was new. It was not. The music evolved from what went before. It was the same basic music. The difference was in how you got from here to here to here ... naturally each age has got its own shit.[116]

Rhythm[edit]
Since bebop was meant to be listened to, not danced to, it could use faster tempos. Drumming shifted to a more elusive and explosive style, in which the ride cymbal was used to keep time while the snare and bass drum were used for accents. This led to a highly syncopated linear rhythmic complexity.[117]

Harmony[edit]

Charlie Parker, Tommy Potter, Miles Davis, Max Roach (Gottlieb 06941)
Bebop musicians employed several harmonic devices which were not previously typical in jazz, engaging in a more abstracted form of chord-based improvisation. Bebop scales are traditional scales with an added chromatic passing note;[118] bebop also uses "passing" chords, substitute chords, and altered chords. New forms of chromaticism and dissonance were introduced into jazz, and the dissonant tritone (or "flatted fifth") interval became the "most important interval of bebop"[119] Chord progressions for bebop tunes were often taken directly from popular swing-era songs and reused with a new and more complex melody to form new compositions, a practice which was already well-established in earlier jazz, but came to be central to the bebop style. Bebop made use of several relatively common chord progressions, such as blues (at base, I-IV-V, but infused with II-V motion) and 'rhythm changes' (I-VI-II-V) - the chords to the 1930s pop standard "I Got Rhythm." Late bop also moved towards extended forms that represented a departure from pop and show tunes.

The harmonic development in bebop is often traced back to a transcendent moment experienced by Charlie Parker while performing "Cherokee" at Clark Monroe's Uptown House, New York, in early 1942:

I'd been getting bored with the stereotyped changes that were being used, ... and I kept thinking there's bound to be something else. I could hear it sometimes. I couldn't play it.... I was working over 'Cherokee,' and, as I did, I found that by using the higher intervals of a chord as a melody line and backing them with appropriately related changes, I could play the thing I'd been hearing. It came alive Parker.[120]

Gerhard Kubik postulates that the harmonic development in bebop sprang from the blues and other African-related tonal sensibilities, rather than 20th-century Western art music as some have suggested:

Auditory inclinations were the African legacy in [Parker's] life, reconfirmed by the experience of the blues tonal system, a sound world at odds with the Western diatonic chord categories. Bebop musicians eliminated Western-style functional harmony in their music while retaining the strong central tonality of the blues as a basis for drawing upon various African matrices.[121]

Samuel Floyd states that blues were both the bedrock and propelling force of bebop, bringing about three main developments:

A new harmonic conception, using extended chord structures that led to unprecedented harmonic and melodic variety.
A developed and even more highly syncopated, linear rhythmic complexity and a melodic angularity in which the blue note of the fifth degree was established as an important melodic-harmonic device.
The reestablishment of the blues as the music's primary organizing and functional principle.[117]
As Kubik explained:

While for an outside observer, the harmonic innovations in bebop would appear to be inspired by experiences in Western "serious" music, from Claude Debussy to Arnold Schoenberg, such a scheme cannot be sustained by the evidence from a cognitive approach. Claude Debussy did have some influence on jazz, for example, on Bix Beiderbecke's piano playing. And it is also true that Duke Ellington adopted and reinterpreted some harmonic devices in European contemporary music. West Coast jazz would run into such debts as would several forms of cool jazz, but bebop has hardly any such debts in the sense of direct borrowings. On the contrary, ideologically, bebop was a strong statement of rejection of any kind of eclecticism, propelled by a desire to activate something deeply buried in self. Bebop then revived tonal-harmonic ideas transmitted through the blues and reconstructed and expanded others in a basically non-Western harmonic approach. The ultimate significance of all this is that the experiments in jazz during the 1940s brought back to African-American music several structural principles and techniques rooted in African traditions[122]

These divergences from the jazz mainstream of the time initially met with a divided, sometimes hostile, response among fans and fellow musicians, especially established swing players, who bristled at the new harmonic sounds. To hostile critics, bebop seemed to be filled with "racing, nervous phrases".[123] But despite the initial friction, by the 1950s bebop had become an accepted part of the jazz vocabulary.

Afro-Cuban jazz (cu-bop)[edit]
Main article: Afro-Cuban jazz

Machito (maracas) and his sister Graciella Grillo (claves)
Machito and Mario Bauza[edit]
The general consensus among musicians and musicologists is that the first original jazz piece to be overtly based in clave was "Tanga" (1943), composed by Cuban-born Mario Bauza and recorded by Machito and his Afro-Cubans in New York City. "Tanga" began as a spontaneous descarga (Cuban jam session), with jazz solos superimposed on top.[124]

This was the birth of Afro-Cuban jazz. The use of clave brought the African timeline, or key pattern, into jazz. Music organized around key patterns convey a two-celled (binary) structure, which is a complex level of African cross-rhythm.[125] Within the context of jazz however, harmony is the primary referent, not rhythm. The harmonic progression can begin on either side of clave, and the harmonic "one" is always understood to be "one". If the progression begins on the "three-side" of clave, it is said to be in 3-2 clave. If the progression begins on the "two-side", its in 2-3 clave.[126]


Clave: Spanish for 'code,' or key,' as in the key to a puzzle. The antecedent half (three-side) consists of tresillo. The consequent half consists of two strokes (the two-side). About this sound Play (help info)
Bobby Sanabria mentions several innovations of Machito's Afro-Cubans, citing them as the first band: to wed big band jazz arranging techniques within an original composition, with jazz oriented soloists utilizing an authentic Afro-Cuban based rhythm section in a successful manner; to explore modal harmony (a concept explored much later by Miles Davis and Gil Evans) from a jazz arranging perspective; and to overtly explore the concept of clave counterpoint from an arranging standpoint (the ability to weave seamlessly from one side of the clave to the other without breaking its rhythmic integrity within the structure of a musical arrangement). They were also the first band in the United States to publicly utilize the term Afro-Cuban as the band's moniker, thus identifying itself and acknowledging the West African roots of the musical form they were playing. It forced New York City's Latino and African-American communities to deal with their common West African musical roots in a direct way, whether they wanted to acknowledge it publicly or not.[127]

Dizzy Gillespie and Chano Pozo[edit]

Dizzy Gillespie, 1955
It was Mario Bauz  who introduced bebop innovator Dizzy Gillespie to the Cuban conga drummer and composer Chano Pozo. Gillespie and Pozo's brief collaboration produced some of the most enduring Afro-Cuban jazz standards. "Manteca" (1947) is the first jazz standard to be rhythmically based on clave. According to Gillespie, Pozo composed the layered, contrapuntal guajeos (Afro-Cuban ostinatos) of the A section and the introduction, while Gillespie wrote the bridge. Gillespie recounted: "If I'd let it go like [Chano] wanted it, it would have been strictly Afro-Cuban all the way. There wouldn't have been a bridge. I thought I was writing an eight-bar bridge, but ... I had to keep going and ended up writing a sixteen-bar bridge."[128] The bridge gave "Manteca" a typical jazz harmonic structure, setting the piece apart from Bauza's modal "Tanga" of a few years earlier.

Gillespie's collaboration with Pozo brought specific African-based rhythms into bebop. While pushing the boundaries of harmonic improvisation, cu-bop, as it was called, also drew more directly from African rhythmic structures. Jazz arrangements with a "Latin" A section and a swung B section, with all choruses swung during solos, became common practice with many "Latin tunes" of the jazz standard repertoire. This approach can be heard on pre-1980 recordings of "Manteca", "A Night in Tunisia", "Tin Tin Deo", and "On Green Dolphin Street".

African cross-rhythm[edit]

Mongo Santamaria (1969)
Cuban percussionist Mongo Santamaria first recorded his composition "Afro Blue" in 1959.[129] "Afro Blue" was the first jazz standard built upon a typical African three-against-two (3:2) cross-rhythm, or hemiola.[130] The song begins with the bass repeatedly playing 6 cross-beats per each measure of 12/8, or 6 cross-beats per 4 main beats 6:4 (two cells of 3:2). The following example shows the original ostinato "Afro Blue" bass line; the slashed noteheads indicate the main beats (not bass notes), where you would normally tap your foot to "keep time."


"Afro Blue" bass line, with main beats indicated by slashed noteheads.
When John Coltrane covered "Afro Blue" in 1963, he inverted the metric hierarchy, interpreting the tune as a 3/4 jazz waltz with duple cross-beats superimposed (2:3). Originally a B  pentatonic blues, Coltrane expanded the harmonic structure of "Afro Blue."

Perhaps the most respected Afro-cuban jazz combo of the late 1950s was vibraphonist Cal Tjader's band. Tjader had Mongo Santamaria, Armando Peraza, and Willie Bobo on his early recording dates.

Dixieland revival[edit]
Main articles: 1940s in jazz and 1950s in jazz
In the late 1940s there was a revival of "Dixieland" music, harking back to the original contrapuntal New Orleans style. This was driven in large part by record company reissues of early jazz classics by the Oliver, Morton, and Armstrong bands of the 1930s. There were two types of musicians involved in the revival: the first group was made up of those who had begun their careers playing in the traditional style and were returning to it (or continuing what they had been playing all along), such as Bob Crosby's Bobcats, Max Kaminsky, Eddie Condon, and Wild Bill Davison.[131] Most of these players were originally Midwesterners, although there were a small number of New Orleans musicians involved. The second group of revivalists consisted of younger musicians, such as those in the Lu Watters band, Conrad Janis, and Ward Kimball and his Firehouse Five Plus Two Jazz Band. By the late 1940s, Louis Armstrong's Allstars band became a leading ensemble. Through the 1950s and 1960s, Dixieland was one of the most commercially popular jazz styles in the US, Europe, and Japan, although critics paid little attention to it.[131]

Cool jazz and West Coast jazz[edit]
Main article: Cool jazz

Jazz at the Philharmonic announcement, 1956
In 1944 jazz impresario Norman Granz organized the first Jazz at the Philharmonic concert in Los Angeles, which helped make a star of Nat "King" Cole and Les Paul. In 1946 he founded Clef Records, discovering Canadian jazz pianist Oscar Peterson in 1949, and merging Clef Records with his new label Verve Records in 1956, which advanced the career of Ella Fitzgerald et al.

By the end of the 1940s, the nervous energy and tension of bebop was replaced with a tendency toward calm and smoothness with the sounds of cool jazz, which favored long, linear melodic lines. It emerged in New York City, and dominated jazz in the first half of the 1950s. The starting point was a collection of 1949 and 1950 singles by a nonet led by Miles Davis, released as the Birth of the Cool (1957). Later cool jazz recordings by musicians such as Chet Baker, Dave Brubeck, Bill Evans, Gil Evans, Stan Getz, the Modern Jazz Quartet, and Gerry Mulligan usually had a "lighter" sound that avoided the aggressive tempos and harmonic abstraction of bebop.

Cool jazz later became strongly identified with the West Coast jazz scene, as typified by singers Chet Baker, Mel Torm , and Anita O'Day, but it also had a particular resonance in Europe, especially Scandinavia, where figures such as baritone saxophonist Lars Gullin and pianist Bengt Hallberg emerged. The theoretical underpinnings of cool jazz were laid out by the Chicago pianist Lennie Tristano, and its influence stretches into such later developments as bossa nova, modal jazz, and even free jazz.

"Take The 'A' Train"
MENU0:00
This 1941 sample of Duke Ellington's signature tune is an example of the swing style.
"Yardbird Suite"
MENU0:00
Excerpt from a saxophone solo by Charlie Parker. The fast, complex rhythms and substitute chords of bebop exhibited were of pivotal importance to the formation of Jazz music.
"Mr. P.C."
MENU0:00
This hard blues by John Coltrane is an example of hard bop, a post-bebop style which is informed by gospel music, blues and work songs.
"Birds of Fire"
MENU0:00
This 1973 piece by the Mahavishnu Orchestra merges jazz improvisation and rock instrumentation into jazz fusion
"The Jazzstep"
MENU0:00
This 2000 track by Courtney Pine shows how electronica and hip hop influences can be incorporated into modern jazz.
Problems playing these files  See media help.
Hard bop[edit]
Main article: Hard bop
Hard bop is an extension of bebop (or "bop") music which incorporates influences from rhythm and blues, gospel music and blues, especially in the saxophone and piano playing. Hard bop was developed in the mid-1950s, coalescing in 1953 and 1954; it developed partly in response to the vogue for cool jazz in the early 1950s, and paralleled the rise of rhythm and blues. Miles Davis' 1954 performance of "Walkin'" at the first Newport Jazz Festival announced the style to the jazz world.[citation needed] The quintet Art Blakey and the Jazz Messengers, fronted by Blakey and featuring pianist Horace Silver and trumpeter Clifford Brown, were leaders in the hard bop movement along with Davis.

Modal jazz[edit]
Main article: Modal jazz
Modal jazz is a development which began in the later 1950s which takes the mode, or musical scale, as the basis of musical structure and improvisation. Previously, a solo was meant to fit into a given chord progression, but with modal jazz the soloist creates a melody using one (or a small number of) modes. The emphasis is thus shifted from harmony to melody:[132] "Historically, this caused a seismic shift among jazz musicians, away from thinking vertically (the chord), and towards a more horizontal approach (the scale),"[133] explained pianist Mark Levine.

The modal theory stems from a work by George Russell. Miles Davis introduced the concept to the greater jazz world with Kind of Blue (1959), an exploration of the possibilities of modal jazz which would become the best selling jazz album of all time. In contrast to Davis' earlier work with hard bop and its complex chord progression and improvisation,[134] the entire Kind of Blue album was composed as a series of "modal sketches", in which each performer was given a set of scales that defined the parameters of their improvisation and style.[135] "I didn't write out the music for Kind of Blue, but brought in sketches for what everybody was supposed to play because I wanted a lot of spontaneity,"[136] recalled Davis. The track "So What" has only two chords: D-7 and E -7.[137]

Other innovators in this style include Jackie McLean,[138] and two of the musicians who had also played on Kind of Blue: John Coltrane and Bill Evans.

By the 1950s, Afro-Cuban jazz had been using modes for at least a decade, as much of it borrowed from Cuban popular dance forms which are structured around multiple ostinatos with only a few chords. A case in point is Mario Bauza's "Tanga" (1943), the first Afro-Cuban jazz piece. Machito's Afro-Cubans recorded modal tunes in the 1940s, featuring jazz soloists such as Howard McGhee, Brew Moore, Charlie Parker and Flip Phillips. However, there is no evidence that Davis or other mainstream jazz musicians were influenced by the use of modes in Afro-Cuban jazz, or other branches of Latin jazz.[clarification needed]

Free jazz[edit]
Main article: Free jazz
Free jazz, and the related form of avant-garde jazz broke through into an open space of "free tonality" in which meter, beat, and formal symmetry all disappeared, and a range of World music from India, Africa and Arabia were melded into an intense, even religiously ecstatic or orgiastic style of playing.[139] While loosely inspired by bebop, free jazz tunes gave players much more latitude; the loose harmony and tempo was deemed controversial when this approach was first developed. The bassist Charles Mingus is also frequently associated with the avant-garde in jazz, although his compositions draw from myriad styles and genres.

The first major stirrings came in the 1950s with the early work of Ornette Coleman (whose 1960 album Free Jazz: A Collective Improvisation coined the term) and Cecil Taylor. In the 1960s exponents included Albert Ayler, Gato Barbieri, Carla Bley, Don Cherry, Larry Coryell, John Coltrane, Bill Dixon, Jimmy Giuffre, Steve Lacy, Michael Mantler, Sun Ra, Roswell Rudd, Pharoah Sanders, and John Tchicai. In developing his late style, Coltrane was especially influenced by the dissonance of Ayler's trio with bassist Gary Peacock and drummer Sunny Murray, a rhythm section honed with Cecil Taylor as leader. In November 1961 Coltrane played a gig at the Village Vanguard, which resulted in the classic Chasin' the 'Trane, which Down Beat magazine panned as "Anti-Jazz". On his 1961 tour of France he was booed, but persevered, signing with the new Impulse! Records in 1960 and turning it into "the house that Trane built", while championing many younger free jazz musicians, notably Archie Shepp, who often played with trumpeter Bill Dixon, who organized the 4-day "October Revolution in Jazz" in Manhattan in 1964, the first free jazz festival.

A series of recordings with the Classic Quartet in the first half of 1965 show Coltrane's playing becoming increasingly abstract, with greater incorporation of devices like multiphonics, utilization of overtones, and playing in the altissimo register, as well as a mutated return to Coltrane's sheets of sound. In the studio, he all but abandoned his soprano to concentrate on the tenor saxophone. In addition, the quartet responded to the leader by playing with increasing freedom. The group's evolution can be traced through the recordings The John Coltrane Quartet Plays, Living Space and Transition (both June 1965), New Thing at Newport (July 1965), Sun Ship (August 1965) and First Meditations (September 1965).

In June 1965 Coltrane and 10 other musicians recorded Ascension, a 40-minute long piece without breaks that included adventurous solos by young avante-garde musicians as well as Coltrane, and was controversial primarily for the collective improvisation sections that separated the solos. Dave Liebman later called it "the torch that lit the free jazz thing.". After recording with the quartet over the next few months, Coltrane invited Pharoah Sanders to join the band in September 1965. While Coltrane used over-blowing frequently as an emotional exclamation-point, Sanders would opt to overblow his entire solo, resulting in a constant screaming and screeching in the altissimo range of the instrument.

Free jazz in Europe[edit]

A shot from a 2006 performance by Peter Br tzmann, a key figure in European free jazz
Free jazz quickly found a foothold in Europe, in part because musicians such as Ayler, Taylor, Steve Lacy and Eric Dolphy spent extended periods there, and European musicians Michael Mantler, John Tchicai et al. traveled to the U.S. to learn it firsthand. A distinctive European contemporary jazz (often incorporating elements of free jazz but not limited to it) also flourished because of the emergence of European musicians such as Peter Br tzmann, John Surman, Zbigniew Namys owski, Albert Mangelsdorff, Kenny Wheeler, and Mike Westbrook, who were anxious to develop new approaches reflecting their national and regional musical cultures and contexts. Since the 1960s various creative centers of jazz have developed in Europe, such as the creative jazz scene in Amsterdam. Following the work of veteran drummer Han Bennink and pianist Misha Mengelberg, musicians started to explore free music by collectively improvising until a certain form (melody, rhythm, or even famous song) is found by the band. Jazz critic Kevin Whitehead documented the free jazz scene in Amsterdam and some of its main exponents such as the ICP (Instant Composers Pool) orchestra in his book New Dutch Swing. Since the 1990s Keith Jarrett has been prominent in defending free jazz from criticism by traditionalists.

1960s and 1970s[edit]
Main articles: 1960s in jazz and 1970s in jazz
Latin jazz[edit]
Main article: Latin jazz
Latin jazz is the term used to describe jazz which employs Latin American rhythms, and is generally understood to have a more specific meaning than simply jazz from Latin America. A more precise term might be Afro-Latin jazz, as the jazz subgenre typically employs rhythms that either have a direct analog in Africa, or exhibit an African rhythmic influence beyond what is ordinarily heard in other jazz. The two main categories of Latin jazz are Afro-Cuban jazz and Brazilian jazz.

In the 1960s and 1970s many jazz musicians had only a basic understanding of Cuban and Brazilian music, and jazz compositions which used Cuban or Brazilian elements were often referred to as "Latin tunes", with no distinction between a Cuban son montuno and a Brazilian bossa nova. Even as late as 2000, in Mark Gridley's Jazz Styles: History and Analysis, a bossa nova bass line is referred to as a "Latin bass figure."[140] It was not uncommon during the 1960s and 1970s to hear a conga playing a Cuban tumbao while the drumset and bass played a Brazilian bossa nova pattern. Many jazz standards such as "Manteca", "On Green Dolphin Street" and "Song for My Father" have a "Latin" A section and a swung B section. Typically, the band would only play an even-eighth "Latin" feel in the A section of the head, and swing throughout all of the solos. Latin jazz specialists like Cal Tjader tended to be the exception. For example, on a 1959 live Tjader recording of "A Night in Tunisia", pianist Vince Guaraldi soloed through the entire form over an authentic mambo.[141]

Afro-Cuban jazz[edit]
Main article: Afro-Cuban jazz
Afro-Cuban jazz often uses Afro-Cuban instruments such as congas, timbales, g iro and claves, combined with piano, double bass, etc. Afro-Cuban jazz began with Machito's Afro-Cubans in the early 1940s, but took off and entered the mainstream in the late 1940s when bebop musicians such as Dizzy Gillespie and Billy Taylor began experimenting with Cuban rhythms. Mongo Santamaria and Cal Tjader further refined the genre in the late 1950s.

Although a great deal of Cuban-based Latin jazz is modal, Latin jazz is not always modal: it can be as harmonically expansive as post-bop jazz. For example, Tito Puente recorded an arrangement of "Giant Steps" done to an Afro-Cuban guaguanc . A Latin jazz piece may momentarily contract harmonically, as in the case of a percussion solo over a one or two-chord piano guajeo.

Guajeos[edit]
Guajeo is the name for the typical Afro-Cuban ostinato melodies which are commonly used motifs in Latin jazz compositions. They originated in the genre known as son. Guajeos provide a rhythmic and melodic framework that may be varied within certain parameters, whilst still maintaining a repetitive - and thus "danceable" - structure. Most guajeos are rhythmically based on clave (rhythm).

Guajeos are one of the most important elements of the vocabulary of Afro-Cuban descarga (jazz-inspired instrumental jams), providing a means of tension and resolution and a sense of forward momentum, within a relatively simple harmonic structure. The use of multiple, contrapuntal guajeos in Latin jazz facilitates simultaneous collective improvisation based on theme variation. In a way, this polyphonic texture is reminiscent of the original New Orleans style of jazz.

Afro-Cuban jazz renaissance[edit]
For most of its history, Afro-Cuban jazz had been a matter of superimposing jazz phrasing over Cuban rhythms. But by the end of the 1970s a new generation of New York City musicians had emerged who were fluent in both salsa dance music and jazz, leading to a new level of integration of jazz and Cuban rhythms. This era of creativity and vitality is best represented by the Gonzalez brothers Jerry (congas and trumpet) and Andy (bass).[142] During 1974-1976 they were members of one of Eddie Palmieri's most experimental salsa groups: salsa was the medium, but Palmieri was stretching the form in new ways. He incorporated parallel fourths, with McCoy Tyner-type vamps. The innovations of Palmieri, the Gonzalez brothers and others led to an Afro-Cuban jazz renaissance in New York City.

This occurred in parallel with developments in Cuba[143] The first Cuban band of this new wave was Irakere. Their "Ch kere-son" (1976) introduced a style of "Cubanized" bebop-flavored horn lines that departed from the more angular guajeo-based lines which were typical of Cuban popular music and Latin jazz up until that time. It was based on Charlie Parker's composition "Billie's Bounce", jumbled together in a way that fused clave and bebop horn lines.[144] In spite of the ambivalence of some band members towards Irakere's Afro-Cuban folkloric / jazz fusion, their experiments forever changed Cuban jazz: their innovations are still heard in the high level of harmonic and rhythmic complexity in Cuban jazz, and in the jazzy and complex contemporary form of popular dance music known as timba.

Afro-Brazilian jazz[edit]

Nan  Vasconcelos playing the Afro-Brazilian Berimbau
Brazilian jazz such as bossa nova is derived from samba, with influences from jazz and other 20th-century classical and popular music styles. Bossa is generally moderately paced, with melodies sung in Portuguese or English, whilst he related term jazz-samba describes an adaptation of street samba into jazz.

The bossa nova style was pioneered by Brazilians Jo o Gilberto and Ant nio Carlos Jobim, and was made popular by Elizete Cardoso's recording of "Chega de Saudade" on the Can  o do Amor Demais LP. Gilberto's initial releases, and the 1959 film Black Orpheus, achieved significant popularity in Latin America; this spread to North America via visiting American jazz musicians. The resulting recordings by Charlie Byrd and Stan Getz cemented bossa nova's popularity and led to a worldwide boom, with 1963's Getz/Gilberto, numerous recordings by famous jazz performers such as Ella Fitzgerald and Frank Sinatra, and the eventual entrenchment of the bossa nova style as a lasting influence in world music.

Brazilian percussionists such as Airto Moreira and Nan  Vasconcelos also influenced jazz internationally by introducing Afro-Brazilian folkloric instruments and rhythms into a wide variety of jazz styles, thus attracting a greater audience to them.[145][146][147]

Post-bop[edit]
Main article: Post-bop
Post-bop jazz is a form of small-combo jazz derived from earlier bop styles. The genre's origins lie in seminal work by John Coltrane, Miles Davis, Bill Evans, Charles Mingus, Wayne Shorter and Herbie Hancock. Generally, the term post-bop is taken to mean jazz from the mid-sixties onwards that assimilates influences from hard bop, modal jazz, the avant-garde and free jazz, without necessarily being immediately identifiable as any of the above.

Much post-bop was recorded for Blue Note Records. Key albums include Speak No Evil by Shorter; The Real McCoy by McCoy Tyner; Maiden Voyage by Hancock; Miles Smiles by Davis; and Search for the New Land by Lee Morgan (an artist who is not typically associated with the post-bop genre). Most post-bop artists worked in other genres as well, with a particularly strong overlap with the later hard bop.

Soul jazz[edit]
Main article: Soul jazz
Soul jazz was a development of hard bop which incorporated strong influences from blues, gospel and rhythm and blues to create music for small groups, often the organ trio of Hammond organ, drummer and tenor saxophonist. Unlike hard bop, soul jazz generally emphasized repetitive grooves and melodic hooks, and improvisations were often less complex than in other jazz styles. It often had a steadier "funk" style groove, which was different from the swing rhythms typical of much hard bop.

Horace Silver had a large influence on the soul jazz style, with songs that used funky and often gospel-based piano vamps. Important soul jazz organists included Jimmy McGriff, Jimmy Smith and Johnny Hammond Smith, and influential tenor saxophone players included Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis and Stanley Turrentine.

African-inspired[edit]

Randy Weston
Themes[edit]
There was a resurgence of interest in jazz and other forms of African-American cultural expression during the Black Arts Movement and Black nationalist period of the 1960s and 1970s. African themes became popular, and many new jazz compositions were given African-related titles: "Black Nile" (Wayne Shorter), "Blue Nile" (Alice Coltrane), "Obirin African" (Art Blakey), "Zambia" (Lee Morgan), "Appointment in Ghana" (Jackie McLean), "Marabi" (Cannonball Adderley), "Yoruba" (Hubert Laws), and many more. Pianist Randy Weston's music incorporated African elements, such as in the large-scale suite "Uhuru Africa" (with the participation of poet Langston Hughes) and "Highlife: Music From the New African Nations." Both Weston and saxophonist Stanley Turrentine covered the Nigerian Bobby Benson's piece "Niger Mambo", which features Afro-Caribbean and jazz elements within a West African Highlife style. Some musicians, including Pharoah Sanders, Hubert Laws and Wayne Shorter, began using African instruments such as kalimbas, bells, beaded gourds and other instruments which were not traditional to jazz.

Rhythm[edit]
During this period there was an increased use of the typical African 12/8 cross-rhythmic structure in jazz. Herbie Hancock's "Succotash" on Inventions and Dimensions (1963) is an open-ended modal 12/8 improvised jam, in which Hancock's pattern of attack-points, rather than the pattern of pitches, is the primary focus of his improvisations, accompanied by Paul Chambers on bass, percussionist Osvaldo Martinez playing a traditional Afro-Cuban cheker  part and Willie Bobo playing an Abaku  bell pattern on a snare drum with brushes.

The first jazz standard composed by a non-Latino to use an overt African 12/8 cross-rhythm was Wayne Shorter's "Footprints" (1967).[148] On the version recorded on Miles Smiles by Miles Davis, the bass switches to a 4/4 tresillo figure at 2:20. "Footprints" is not, however, a Latin jazz tune: African rhythmic structures are accessed directly by Ron Carter (bass) and Tony Williams (drums) via the rhythmic sensibilities of swing. Throughout the piece, the four beats, whether sounded or not, are maintained as the temporal referent. In the example below, the main beats are indicated by slashed noteheads, which do not indicate bass notes.


Ron Carter's two main bass lines for "Footprints" by Wayner Shorter (1967). The main beats are indicated by slashed noteheads.
Pentatonic scales[edit]
The use of pentatonic scales was another trend associated with Africa. The use of pentatonic scales in Africa probably goes back thousands of years.[149]

McCoy Tyner perfected the use of the pentatonic scale in his solos,[150] and also used parallel fifths and fourths, which are common harmonies in West Africa.[151]

The minor pentatonic scale is often used in blues improvisation, and like a blues scale, a minor pentatonic scale can be played over all of the chords in a blues. The following pentatonic lick was played over blues changes by Joe Henderson on Horace Silver's "African Queen" (1965).[152]

Jazz pianist, theorist, and educator Mark Levine refers to the scale generated by beginning on the fifth step of a pentatonic scale as the V pentatonic scale.[153]


C pentatonic scale beginning on the I (C pentatonic), IV (F pentatonic), and V (G pentatonic) steps of the scale.[clarification needed]
Levine points out that the V pentatonic scale works for all three chords of the standard II-V-I jazz progression.[154] This is a very common progression, used in pieces such as Miles Davis' "Tune Up." The following example shows the V pentatonic scale over a II-V-I progression.[155]


V pentatonic scale over II-V-I chord progression.
Accordingly, John Coltrane's "Giant Steps" (1960), with its 26 chords per 16 bars, can be played using only three pentatonic scales. Coltrane studied Nicolas Slonimsky's Thesaurus of Scales and Melodic Patterns, which contains material that is virtually identical to portions of "Giant Steps".[156] The harmonic complexity of "Giant Steps" is on the level of the most advanced 20th-century art music. Superimposing the pentatonic scale over "Giant Steps" is not merely a matter of harmonic simplification, but also a sort of "Africanizing" of the piece, which provides an alternate approach for soloing. Mark Levine observes that when mixed in with more conventional "playing the changes", pentatonic scales provide "structure and a feeling of increased space."[157]

Jazz fusion[edit]
Main article: Jazz fusion

Fusion trumpeter Miles Davis in 1989
In the late 1960s and early 1970s, the hybrid form of jazz-rock fusion was developed by combining jazz improvisation with rock rhythms, electric instruments and the highly amplified stage sound of rock musicians such as Jimi Hendrix and Frank Zappa. Jazz fusion often uses mixed meters, odd time signatures, syncopation, complex chords and harmonies.

According to AllMusic:

...until around 1967, the worlds of jazz and rock were nearly completely separate. [However, ...] as rock became more creative and its musicianship improved, and as some in the jazz world became bored with hard bop and did not want to play strictly avant-garde music, the two different idioms began to trade ideas and occasionally combine forces."[158]

Miles Davis' new directions[edit]
In 1969 Davis fully embraced the electric instrument approach to jazz with In a Silent Way, which can be considered his first fusion album. Composed of two side-long suites edited heavily by producer Teo Macero, this quiet, static album would be equally influential to the development of ambient music.

As Davis recalls:

The music I was really listening to in 1968 was James Brown, the great guitar player Jimi Hendrix, and a new group who had just come out with a hit record, "Dance to the Music", Sly and the Family Stone... I wanted to make it more like rock. When we recorded In a Silent Way I just threw out all the chord sheets and told everyone to play off of that."[159]

Two contributors to In a Silent Way also joined organist Larry Young to create one of the early acclaimed fusion albums: Emergency! by The Tony Williams Lifetime.

Psychedelic-jazz[edit]
Bitches Brew[edit]
Davis' Bitches Brew (1970) album was his most successful of this era. Although inspired by rock and funk, Davis' fusion creations were original, and brought about a new type of avant-garde, electronic, psychedelic-jazz, as far from pop music as any other Davis work.

Herbie Hancock[edit]
Pianist Herbie Hancock (a Davis alumnus) released four albums in the short-lived (1970 1973) psychedelic-jazz subgenre: Mwandishi (1972), Crossings (1973) and Sextant (1973). The rhythmic background was a mix of rock, funk, and African-type textures.

Musicians who had previously worked with Davis formed the four most influential fusion groups: Weather Report and Mahavishnu Orchestra emerged in 1971, and were soon followed by Return to Forever and The Headhunters.

Weather Report[edit]
Weather Report's self-titled electronic and psychedelic Weather Report debut album caused a sensation in the jazz world on its arrival in 1971, thanks to the pedigree of the group's members (including percussionist Airto Moreira), and their unorthodox approach to music. The album featured a softer sound than would be the case in later years (predominantly using acoustic bass with Shorter exclusively playing soprano saxophone, and with no synthesizers involved), but is still considered a classic of early fusion. It built on the avant-garde experiments which Joe Zawinul and Shorter had pioneered with Miles Davis on Bitches Brew, including an avoidance of head-and-chorus composition in favour of continuous rhythm and movement   but took the music further. To emphasise the group's rejection of standard methodology, the album opened with the inscrutable avant-garde atmospheric piece "Milky Way", which featured by Shorter's extremely muted saxophone inducing vibrations in Zawinul's piano strings while the latter pedalled the instrument. Down Beat described the album as "music beyond category", and awarded it Album of the Year in the magazine's polls that year.

Weather Report's subsequent releases were creative funk-jazz works.[160]

Jazz-rock[edit]
Although some jazz purists protested against the blend of jazz and rock, many jazz innovators crossed over from the contemporary hard bop scene into fusion. As well as the electric instruments of rock (such as electric guitar, electric bass, electric piano and synthesizer keyboards), fusion also used the powerful amplification, "fuzz" pedals, wah-wah pedals and other effects that were used by 1970s-era rock bands. Notable performers of jazz fusion included Miles Davis, Eddie Harris, keyboardists Joe Zawinul, Chick Corea and Herbie Hancock, vibraphonist Gary Burton, drummer Tony Williams (drummer), violinist Jean-Luc Ponty, guitarists Larry Coryell, Al Di Meola, John McLaughlin and Frank Zappa, saxophonist Wayne Shorter and bassists Jaco Pastorius and Stanley Clarke. Jazz fusion was also popular in Japan, where the band Casiopea released over thirty fusion albums.

In the 21st century, almost all jazz has influences from other nations and styles of music, making jazz fusion as much a common practice as style.

Jazz-funk[edit]
Main article: Jazz-funk
By the mid-1970s the sound known as jazz-funk had developed, characterized by a strong back beat (groove), electrified sounds[161] and, often, the presence of electronic analog synthesizers. Jazz-funk also draws influences from traditional African music, Afro-Cuban rhythms and Jamaican reggae, notably Kingston bandleader Sonny Bradshaw. Another feature is the shift of emphasis from improvisation to composition: arrangements, melody and overall writing became important. The integration of funk, soul and R&B music into jazz resulted in the creation of a genre whose spectrum is wide and ranges from strong jazz improvisation to soul, funk or disco with jazz arrangements, jazz riffs and jazz solos, and sometimes soul vocals.[162]

Early examples are Herbie Hancock's Headhunters band and Miles Davis' On the Corner album, which in 1972 began Davis' foray into jazz-funk and was, he claimed, an attempt at reconnecting with the young black audience which had largely forsaken jazz for rock and funk. While there is a discernible rock and funk influence in the timbres of the instruments employed, other tonal and rhythmic textures, such as the Indian tambora and tablas and Cuban congas and bongos, create a multi-layered soundscape. The album was a culmination of sorts of the musique concr te approach that Davis and producer Teo Macero had begun to explore in the late 1960s.

Other trends[edit]
Jazz continued to expand and change, influenced by other types of music such as world music, avant garde classical music and rock and pop. Jazz musicians began to improvise on unusual instruments, such as the jazz harp (Alice Coltrane), the electrically amplified and wah-wah pedaled jazz violin (Jean-Luc Ponty) and the bagpipes (Rufus Harley). In 1966 jazz trumpeter Don Ellis and Indian sitar player Harihar Rao founded the Hindustani Jazz Sextet. In 1971 guitarist John McLaughlin's Mahavishnu Orchestra began playing a mix of rock and jazz infused with East Indian influences. In the 1970s the ECM record label began in Germany with artists including Keith Jarrett, Paul Bley, the Pat Metheny Group, Jan Garbarek, Ralph Towner, Kenny Wheeler, John Taylor, John Surman, and Eberhard Weber, establishing a new chamber music aesthetic which featured mainly acoustic instruments, occasionally incorporating elements of world music and folk.

1980s[edit]
Main article: 1980s in jazz
In 1987, the United States House of Representatives and Senate passed a bill proposed by Democratic Representative John Conyers, Jr. to define jazz as a unique form of American music, stating:

... that jazz is hereby designated as a rare and valuable national American treasure to which we should devote our attention, support and resources to make certain it is preserved, understood and promulgated.

It passed in the House of Representatives on September 23, 1987 and in the Senate on November 4, 1987.[163]

Resurgence of traditionalism[edit]

Wynton Marsalis
The 1980s saw something of a reaction against the Fusion and Free Jazz that had dominated the 1970s. Trumpeter Wynton Marsalis emerged early in the decade, and strove to create music within what he believed was the tradition, rejecting both fusion and free jazz and creating extensions of the small and large forms initially pioneered by artists such as Louis Armstrong and Duke Ellington, as well as the hard bop of the 1950s. It's debatable whether Marsalis' critical and commercial success was a cause or a symptom of the reaction against Fusion and Free Jazz and the resurgence of interest in the kind of jazz pioneered in the 1960s (particularly Modal Jazz and Post-Bop); nonetheless there were many other manifestations of a resurgence of traditionalism, even if Fusion and Free Jazz were by no means abandoned and continued to develop and evolve.

For example, several musicians who had been prominent in the fusion genre during the 1970s began to record acoustic jazz once more, including Chick Corea and Herbie Hancock. Other musicians who had experimented with electronic instruments in the previous decade had abandoned them by the 1980s, for example Bill Evans, Joe Henderson and Stan Getz. Even the 1980s music of Miles Davis, although certainly still fusion, adopted a far more accessible and recognisably jazz-oriented approach than his abstract work of the mid-1970s, such as a return to a theme-and-solos approach.

The emergence of young jazz talent beginning to perform in older, established musicians' groups further impacted the resurgence of traditionalism in the jazz community. In the 1970s, the groups of Betty Carter and Art Blakey and the Jazz Messengers retained their conservative jazz approaches in the midst of fusion and jazz- rock, and in addition to difficulty booking their acts, struggled to find younger generations of personnel to authentically play traditional styles such as hard bop and bebop. In the late 1970s, however, a resurgence of younger jazz players in Blakey's band began to occur. This movement included musicians such as Valery Ponomarev and Bobby Watson, Dennis Irwin and James Williams. In the 1980s, in addition to Wynton and Branford Marsalis, the emergence of pianists in the Jazz Messengers such as Donald Brown, Mulgrew Miller, and later, Benny Green, bassists such as Charles Fambrough, Lonnie Plaxico (and later, Peter Washington and Essiet Essiet) horn players such as Bill Pierce, Donald Harrison and later Javon Jackson and Terence Blanchard emerged as talented jazz musicians, all of whom made significant contributions in later 1990s and 2000s jazz music.[164] [165]

The young Jazz Messengers' contemporaries, including Roy Hargrove, Marcus Roberts, Wallace Roney and Mark Whitfield were also influenced by Wynton Marsalis's emphasis toward jazz tradition. These younger rising stars rejected avant-garde approaches and instead championed the acoustic jazz sound of Charlie Parker, Thelonious Monk and early recordings of the first Miles Davis quintet. This group of "Young Lions" sought to reaffirm jazz as a high art tradition comparable to the discipline of European classical music. [166]

In addition, Betty Carter's rotation of young musicians in her group foreshadowed many of New York's preeminent traditional jazz players later in their careers. Among these musicians were Jazz Messenger alumni Benny Green, Branford Marsalis and Ralph Peterson, Jr., as well as Kenny Washington, Lewis Nash, Curtis Lundy, Cyrus Chestnut, Mark Shim, Craig Handy, Greg Hutchinson and Marc Cary, Taurus Mateen and Geri Allen.[167]

Blue Note Records's O.T.B. ensemble featured a rotation of young jazz musicians such as Kenny Garrett, Steve Wilson, Kenny Davis, Renee Rosnes, Ralph Peterson, Jr., Billy Drummond and Robert Hurst. [168]

A similar reaction took place against free jazz. According to Ted Gioia:

the very leaders of the avant garde started to signal a retreat from the core principles of Free Jazz. Anthony Braxton began recording standards over familiar chord changes. Cecil Taylor played duets in concert with Mary Lou Williams, and let her set out structured harmonies and familiar jazz vocabulary under his blistering keyboard attack. And the next generation of progressive players would be even more accommodating, moving inside and outside the changes without thinking twice. Musicians such as David Murray or Don Pullen may have felt the call of free-form jazz, but they never forgot all the other ways one could play African-American music for fun and profit.[169]

Pianist Keith Jarrett   whose bands of the 1970s had played only original compositions with prominent free jazz elements   established his so-called 'Standards Trio' in 1983, which, although also occasionally exploring collective improvisation, has primarily performed and recorded jazz standards. Chick Corea similarly began exploring jazz standards in the 1980s, having neglected them for the 1970s.

Smooth jazz[edit]
Main article: smooth jazz

David Sanborn, 2008
In the early 1980s a commercial form of jazz fusion called "pop fusion" or "smooth jazz" became successful, garnering significant radio airplay in "quiet storm" time slots at radio stations in urban markets across the U.S. This helped to establish or bolster the careers of vocalists including Al Jarreau, Anita Baker, Chaka Khan and Sade, as well as saxophonists including Grover Washington, Jr., Kenny G, Kirk Whalum, Boney James and David Sanborn. In general, smooth jazz is downtempo (the most widely played tracks are of 90 105 beats per minute), and has a lead melody-playing instrument (saxophone, especially soprano and tenor, and legato electric guitar are popular).

In his Newsweek article "The Problem With Jazz Criticism",[170] Stanley Crouch considers Miles Davis' playing of fusion to be a turning point that led to smooth jazz. Critic Aaron J. West has countered the often negative perceptions of smooth jazz, stating:

I challenge the prevalent marginalization and malignment of smooth jazz in the standard jazz narrative. Furthermore, I question the assumption that smooth jazz is an unfortunate and unwelcomed evolutionary outcome of the jazz-fusion era. Instead, I argue that smooth jazz is a long-lived musical style that merits multi-disciplinary analyses of its origins, critical dialogues, performance practice, and reception.[171]

Acid jazz, nu jazz and jazz rap[edit]
Acid jazz developed in the UK in the 1980s and 1990s, influenced by jazz-funk and electronic dance music. Acid jazz often contains various types of electronic composition (sometimes including Sampling (music) or a live DJ cutting and scratching), but it is just as likely to be played live by musicians, who often showcase jazz interpretation as part of their performance. Jazz-funk musicians such as Roy Ayers and Donald Byrd are often credited as the forerunners of acid jazz.[172]

Nu jazz is influenced by jazz harmony and melodies, and there are usually no improvisational aspects. It can be very experimental in nature and can vary widely in sound and concept. It ranges from the combination of live instrumentation with the beats of jazz house (as exemplified by St Germain, Jazzanova and Fila Brazillia) to more band-based improvised jazz with electronic elements (for example The Cinematic Orchestra, Kobol and the Norwegian "future jazz" style pioneered by Bugge Wesseltoft, Jaga Jazzist and Nils Petter Molv r).

Jazz rap developed in the late 1980s and early 1990s, and incorporates jazz influences into hip hop. In 1988, Gang Starr released the debut single "Words I Manifest", which sampled Dizzy Gillespie's 1962 "Night in Tunisia", and Stetsasonic released "Talkin' All That Jazz", which sampled Lonnie Liston Smith. Gang Starr's debut LP No More Mr. Nice Guy (1989) and their 1990 track "Jazz Thing" sampled Charlie Parker and Ramsey Lewis. The groups which made up the Native Tongues Posse tended toward jazzy releases: these include the Jungle Brothers' debut Straight Out the Jungle (1988), and A Tribe Called Quest's People's Instinctive Travels and the Paths of Rhythm (1990) and The Low End Theory (1991). Rap duo Pete Rock & CL Smooth incorporated jazz influences on their 1992 debut Mecca and the Soul Brother. Rapper Guru's Jazzmatazz series began in 1993, using jazz musicians during the studio recordings.

Though jazz rap had achieved little mainstream success, Miles Davis' final album Doo-Bop (released posthumously in 1992) was based around hip hop beats and collaborations with producer Easy Mo Bee. Davis' ex-bandmate Herbie Hancock also absorbed hip-hop influences in the mid-1990s, releasing the album Dis Is Da Drum in 1994.

Punk jazz and jazzcore[edit]

John Zorn performing in 2006
The relaxation of orthodoxy which was concurrent with post-punk in London and New York City led to a new appreciation of jazz. In London, the Pop Group began to mix free jazz and dub reggae into their brand of punk rock.[173] In New York, No Wave took direct inspiration from both free jazz and punk. Examples of this style include Lydia Lunch's Queen of Siam,[174] Gray, the work of James Chance and the Contortions (who mixed Soul with free jazz and punk)[174] and the Lounge Lizards[174] (the first group to call themselves "punk jazz)."

John Zorn took note of the emphasis on speed and dissonance that was becoming prevalent in punk rock, and incorporated this into free jazz with the release of the Spy vs. Spy album in 1986, a collection of Ornette Coleman tunes done in the contemporary thrashcore style.[175] In the same year, Sonny Sharrock, Peter Br tzmann, Bill Laswell and Ronald Shannon Jackson recorded the first album under the name Last Exit (free jazz band), a similarly aggressive blend of thrash and free jazz.[176] These developments are the origins of jazzcore, the fusion of free jazz with hardcore punk.

M-Base[edit]
Main article: M-Base

Steve Coleman in Paris, July 2004
The M-Base movement started in the 1980s, when a loose collective of young African-American musicians in New York which included Steve Coleman, Greg Osby and Gary Thomas developed a complex but grooving[177] sound.

In the 1990s most M-Base participants turned to more conventional music, but Coleman, the most active participant, continued developing his music in accordance with the M-Base concept.[178] Coleman's audience decreased, but his music and concepts influenced many musicians,[179] both in terms of music technique[180] and of the music's meaning.[181] Hence, M-Base changed from a movement of a loose collective of young musicians to a kind of informal Coleman "school",[182] with a much advanced but already originally implied concept.[183] Steve Coleman's music and M-Base concept gained recognition as "next logical step" after Charlie Parker, John Coltrane and Ornette Coleman.[184]

1990s 2010s[edit]
Since the 1990s jazz has been characterized by a pluralism in which no one style dominates, but rather a wide range of active styles and genres are popular. Individual performers often play in a variety of styles, sometimes in the same performance. Pianist Brad Mehldau and power trio The Bad Plus have explored contemporary rock music within the context of the traditional jazz acoustic piano trio, recording instrumental jazz versions of songs by rock musicians. The Bad Plus have also incorporated elements of free jazz into their music. A firm avant-garde or free jazz stance has been maintained by some players, such as saxophonists Greg Osby and Charles Gayle, while others, such as James Carter, have incorporated free jazz elements into a more traditional framework.

On the other side, even a singer like Harry Connick, Jr. (who has ten number-1 US jazz albums)[185] is sometimes called a jazz musician, although there are only a few elements from jazz history in his mainly pop oriented music[citation needed]. Other recent vocalists have achieved popularity with a mix of traditional jazz and pop/rock forms, such as Diana Krall, Norah Jones, Cassandra Wilson, Kurt Elling and Jamie Cullum.

A number of players who usually perform in largely straight-ahead settings have emerged since the 1990s, including pianists Jason Moran and Vijay Iyer, guitarist Kurt Rosenwinkel, vibraphonist Stefon Harris, trumpeters Roy Hargrove and Terence Blanchard, saxophonists Chris Potter and Joshua Redman, clarinetist Ken Peplowski and bassist Christian McBride.

Although jazz-rock fusion reached the height of its popularity in the 1970s, the use of electronic instruments and rock-derived musical elements in jazz continued in the 1990s and 2000s. Musicians using this approach include Pat Metheny, John Abercrombie, John Scofield and the Swedish group e.s.t.

In 2001 Ken Burns's documentary Jazz was premiered on PBS, featuring Wynton Marsalis and other experts reviewing the entire history of jazz to that time.

See also[edit]
Portal icon African American portal
Portal icon Jazz portal
Portal icon Music portal
List of jazz genres
Jazz royalty
List of jazz musicians
List of jazz standards
List of jazz venues in the United States
List of jazz venues
List of jazz festivals
Bibliography of jazz
Timeline of jazz education
Victorian Jazz Archive
Composer
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
This article is about composers of music. For other uses, see Composer (disambiguation).

French composer Louis-Nicolas Cl rambault composing at the keyboard
A composer (Latin comp n ; literally "one who puts together") is a person who creates or writes music, which can be vocal music (for a singer or choir), instrumental music (e.g., for solo piano, string quartet, wind quintet or orchestra) or music which combines both instruments and voices (e.g., opera or art song, which is a singer accompanied by a pianist). The core meaning of the term refers to individuals who have contributed to the tradition of Western classical music through creation of works expressed in written musical notation (e.g., sheet music scores).

Many composers are also skilled performers, either as singers, instrumentalists, and/or conductors. Examples of composers who are also well known for their ability as performers include J. S. Bach (an organist), Mozart (violin and piano), and Beethoven, Liszt and Chopin (all skilled pianists). Involvement in practical music-making provides a composer with insight into the diverse musical elements needed for a good piece of music and it can give them practical guidance with their compositions.

In broader usage, "composer" can designate people who participate in other musical traditions who create music, as well as those who create music by means other than written notation: for example, Blues or folk singers and guitarists who create songs through improvisation and recording and popular music writers of musical theatre songs and arrangements. In many popular music genres, such as rock and country, musicians who create new songs are typically called songwriters.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Composers and performers
2 History
2.1 Ancient Greece
2.2 Middle Ages
2.3 Renaissance
2.4 Baroque
2.5 Classicism
2.6 Romanticism
2.7 20th- and 21st-century music
3 Role of women
4 Clustering
5 Training
5.1 Undergraduate
5.2 Masters
5.3 Doctoral
5.4 Other routes
6 Employment
7 See also
8 References
9 External links
Composers and performers[edit]
Since musical notation only incompletely expresses a piece of music, there is a whole continuum of possibilities concerning how much the performer determines the final form of the rendered work in a concert. Even in a classical piece of instrumental music in which all of the melodies, chords, and basslines are written out in musical notation, the performer has a good degree of latitude to add artistic interpretation to the work by varying her articulation and phrasing, choosing how long to make fermatas (held notes) or pauses, and   in the case of bowed string instruments, woodwinds or brass instruments   deciding whether to use expressive effects such as vibrato or portamento. For a singer or instrumental performer, the process of deciding how to perform music that has been previously composed and notated is termed "interpretation". Different performers' interpretations of the same work of music can vary widely, in terms of the tempos that are chosen and the playing or singing style or phrasing of the melodies. Composers and songwriters who present their own music are interpreting, just as much as those who perform the music of others. The standard body of choices and techniques present at a given time and a given place is referred to as performance practice, whereas interpretation is generally used to mean the individual choices of a performer.[citation needed]

Although a musical composition often has a single author, this is not always the case. A work of music can have multiple composers, which often occurs in popular music when a band collaborates to write a song, or in musical theatre, where the songs may be written by one person, the orchestration of the accompaniment parts and writing of the overture is done by an orchestrator, and the words may be written by a third person. A piece of music can also be composed with words, images, or, in the 20th and 21st century, a computer programs that explain or notate how the singer or musician should create musical sounds. Examples of this range from wind chimes jingling in a breeze, to avant-garde music from the 20th century that uses graphic notation, to text compositions such as Aus den sieben Tagen, to computer programs that select sounds for musical pieces. Music that makes heavy use of randomness and chance is called aleatoric music, and is associated with contemporary composers active in the 20th century, such as John Cage, Morton Feldman, and Witold Lutos awski.

Music composed in the Baroque era, particularly in slow tempos, often was written in bare outline, with the expectation that the performer would add improvised ornaments to the melody line during a performance. Such freedom diminished in later eras, reflected in the increased use by composers of detailed notation, including marks of expression telling the performer more precisely how the work should be executed. A culture eventually developed whereby faithfulness to the composer's written intention came to be highly valued (see, for example, Urtext edition). This musical culture is almost certainly related to the high esteem (bordering on veneration) in which the leading classical composers are often held by performers.

The historically informed performance movement has revived to some extent the possibility of the performer elaborating in a serious way the music as given in the score, particularly for Baroque music and music from the early Classical period. The movement might be considered a way of creating greater faithfulness to the original in works composed at a time that expected performers to improvise. In genres other than classical music, the performer generally has more freedom; thus for instance when a performer of Western popular music creates a "cover" of an earlier song, there is little expectation of exact rendition of the original; nor is exact faithfulness highly valued (with the possible exception of "note-for-note" transcriptions of famous guitar solos).

In Classical music, the composer typically orchestrates her own compositions, but in musical theatre and in pop music, songwriters may hire an arranger to do the orchestration. In some cases, a pop songwriter may not use notation at all, and instead compose the song in her mind and then play or record it from memory. In jazz and popular music, notable recordings by influential performers are given the weight that written scores play in classical music. The study of composition has traditionally been dominated by examination of methods and practice of Western classical music, but the definition of composition is broad enough the creation of popular and traditional music songs and instrumental pieces and to include spontaneously improvised works like those of free jazz performers and African percussionists such as Ewe drummers.

History[edit]
The level of distinction between composers and other musicians varies, which affects issues such as copyright[specify] and the deference given to individual interpretations of a particular piece of music.[citation needed] In the development of European classical music, the function of composing music initially did not have much greater importance than that of performing it.[citation needed] The preservation of individual compositions did not receive enormous attention and musicians generally had no qualms about modifying compositions for performance. In as much as the role of the composer in western art music has seen continued solidification, in alternative idioms (i.e. jazz, experimental music) it has in some ways become increasingly complex or vague. For instance, in certain contexts the line between composer and performer, sound designer, arranger, producer, and other roles, can be quite blurred.


Ancient Greek marble stele, the so-called Seikilos column, with poetry and musical notation engraved on the stone
The term "composer" is often used to refer to composers of instrumental music, such as those found in classical, jazz or other forms of art and traditional music. In popular and folk music, the composer is usually called a songwriter, since the music generally takes the form of a song. Since the mid-20th century, the term has expanded to accommodate creators of electroacoustic music, in which composers directly create sonic material in any of the various electronic media, such as reel-to-reel tape and electronic effects units, which may be presented to an audience by replaying a tape or other sound recording, or by having live instrumentalists and/or singers perform with prerecorded material. This is distinct from a 19th-century conception of instrumental composition, where the work was represented solely by a musical score to be interpreted by performers.

Ancient Greece[edit]
Music was an important part of social and cultural life in Ancient Greece. We know that composers wrote notated music during the Ancient Greek era because scholars have found the Seikilos epitaph. The epitaph, written around 200 BC to around AD 100 [1] is the oldest surviving example of a complete musical composition, including musical notation, in the world. The song, the melody of which is recorded, alongside its lyrics, in the ancient Greek musical notation, was found engraved on a tombstone, a stele, near Ayd n, Turkey (not far from Ephesus). It is a Hellenistic Ionic song in either the Phrygian octave species or Iastian tonos.

Middle Ages[edit]
L onin or P rotin
Breves dies hominis


Musical notation from a Catholic Missal, c.1310 1320
During the Medieval music era (476 to 1400), composers wrote monophonic (single melodic line) chanting into Roman Catholic Church services. Western Music then started becoming more of an art form with the advances in music notation. The only European Medieval repertory that survives from before about 800 is the monophonic liturgical plainsong of the Roman Catholic Church, the central tradition of which was called Gregorian chant. Alongside these traditions of sacred and church music there existed a vibrant tradition of secular song (non-religious songs). Examples of composers from this period are L onin, P rotin and Guillaume de Machaut.

Renaissance[edit]
T.L. de Victoria
Amicus meus


Allegory of Music, by Filippino Lippi
During the Renaissance music era (c. 1400 to 1600) composers tended to focus more on writing songs about secular (non-religious) themes, such as courtly love. Around 1450, the printing press was invented, which made printed sheet music much less expensive and easier to mass-produce (prior to the invention of the printing press, all notated music was hand-copied). The increased availability of sheet music helped to spread composers' musical styles more quickly and across a larger area. By the middle of the 15th century, composers were writing richly polyphonic sacred music, in which different melody lines were interwoven simultaneously. Prominent composers from this era include Guillaume Dufay, Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina, Thomas Morley, and Orlande de Lassus. As musical activity shifted from the church to the aristocratic courts, kings, queens and princes competed for the finest composers. Many leading important composers came from the Netherlands, Belgium, and northern France. They are called the Franco-Flemish composers. They held important positions throughout Europe, especially in Italy. Other countries with vibrant musical activity included Germany, England, and Spain.

Baroque[edit]
J.S. Bach
Toccata and Fugue

During the Baroque era of music (1600 to 1750), composers expanded the range and complexity of the music they were writing. The Baroque music era began when composers looked back to Ancient Greek music for the inspiration to create operas (dramatic vocal music accompanied by orchestra). Another key style of music composers used during this era was contrapuntal music. This style of writing required composers to have an advanced knowledge of music theory, as contrapuntal music involves multiple, independent melody lines played by instruments and/or sung by voices. There were strict counterpoint rules that composers had to learn. German Baroque composers wrote for small ensembles including strings, brass, and woodwinds, as well as choirs and for keyboard instruments such as pipe organ, harpsichord, and clavichord. During this period, composers developed several major music forms that lasted into later periods when they were expanded and evolved further, including the fugue, the invention, the sonata, and the concerto.[2] The late Baroque style was polyphonically complex and richly ornamented. Some of the best-known composers from the Baroque era include Johann Sebastian Bach, George Frideric Handel, Georg Philipp Telemann and Vivaldi.

Classicism[edit]
W.A. Mozart
Symphony 40 g-moll

Composers of music of the Classical Period (1750 to 1830) looked to the art and philosophy of Ancient Greece and Rome, to the ideals of balance, proportion and disciplined expression. Apart from when writing religious works, composers moved towards writing in a lighter, clearer and considerably simpler texture, using instrumental melodies that tended to be almost voicelike and singable. New genres were developed by composers. The main style was homophony,[3] where a prominent melody and a subordinate chordal accompaniment part are clearly distinct.

Composers focused on instrumental music. It was dominated by further development of musical forms initially defined in the Baroque period: the sonata, the concerto, and the symphony. Others main kinds were the trio, string quartet, serenade and divertimento. The sonata was the most important and developed form. Although Baroque composers also wrote sonatas, the Classical style of sonata is completely distinct. All of the main instrumental forms of the Classical era, from string quartets to symphonies and concertos, were based on the structure of the sonata.

One of the most important changes made in the Classical period was the development of public concerts. The aristocracy still played a significant role in the sponsorship of concerts and compositions, but it was now possible for composers to survive without being permanent employees of queens or princes. The increasing popularity of classical music led to a growth in the number and types of orchestras. The expansion of orchestral concerts necessitated the building of large public performance spaces. Symphonic music including symphonies, musical accompaniment to ballet and mixed vocal/instrumental genres such as opera and oratorio became more popular.

The best known composers of Classicism are Joseph Haydn, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Ludwig van Beethoven and Franz Schubert. Beethoven and Schubert are also considered to be composers in the later part of the Classical era, as it began to move towards Romanticism.

Romanticism[edit]
R. Wagner
Die Walk re

During the Romantic music era (c. 1810 to 1900), composers turned the rigid styles and forms of the Classical era into more passionate, dramatic expressive pieces. Composers attempted to increase emotional expression and power of their music, and they tried to describe deeper truths or human feelings. With symphonic tone poems, composers tried to tell stories and evoke images or landscapes using instrumental music. Some composers promoted nationalistic pride with patriotic orchestral music inspired by folk music. For composers, the emotional and expressive qualities of music came to take precedence over following textbooks and tradition. Romantic composers grew in idiosyncrasy, and went further in the syncretism of exploring different art-forms in a musical context, (such as literature), history (historical figures and legends), or nature itself. Romantic love or longing was a prevalent theme in many works composed during this period. In some cases the formal structures from the classical period continued to be used (e.g., the sonata form used in string quartets and symphonies), but these forms were expanded and altered. In many cases, composers explored new approaches to use for existing genres, forms, and functions. Also, composers created new forms that were deemed better suited to the new subject matter. Opera and ballet continued to develop.[4]

In the years after 1800, the music developed by Ludwig van Beethoven and Franz Schubert introduced a more dramatic, expressive style. In Beethoven's case, short motifs, developed organically, came to replace melody as the most significant compositional unit (an example is the distinctive four note figure used in his Fifth Symphony). Later Romantic composers such as Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Anton n Dvo  k, and Gustav Mahler used more unusual chords and more dissonance to create dramatic tension. They generated complex and often much longer musical works. During the late Romantic period, composers explored dramatic chromatic alterations of tonality, such as extended chords and altered chords, which created new sound "colours". Composers in the Romantic era increased the size of the orchestra by adding players and using new instruments, creating a more powerful sound. Some Wagnerian orchestras included multiple harps, massive string sections and Wagner tubas.

20th- and 21st-century music[edit]

Jazz group consisting of double bassist Reggie Workman, tenor saxophone player Pharoah Sanders, and drummer Idris Muhammad, performing in 1978
In the 19th century, one of the key ways that new compositions became known to the public was by the sales of sheet music, which amateur music lovers would perform at home on their piano or other instruments. With 20th-century music, there was a vast increase in music listening as the radio gained popularity and phonographs were used to replay and distribute music. In the 20th century, contemporary classical composers were also influenced by the African-American improvisation-based jazz music. The jazz influence can be seen in Third Stream music and in the compositions of Leonard Bernstein. The focus of art music was characterized by exploration of new rhythms, styles, and sounds. Igor Stravinsky, Arnold Schoenberg, and John Cage were all influential composers in 20th-century art music. Cage wrote compositions for traditional classical instruments and unusual sound-producing devices not normally thought of as instruments, such as radios. The invention of sound recording and the ability to edit music on tape gave rise to new subgenre of classical music, including the acousmatic[5] and Musique concr te schools of electronic composition, in which composers made pieces using reel-to-reel tape recorders and electronic equipment.

Role of women[edit]
Main articles: Women in music   Composers and List of female composers by birth date

Nineteenth-century composer and pianist Clara Schumann
In 1993, American musicologist Marcia Citron asked "[w]hy is music composed by women so marginal to the standard 'classical' repertoire "[6] Citron "examines the practices and attitudes that have led to the exclusion of women composers from the received 'canon' of performed musical works." She argues that in the 1800s, women composers typically wrote art songs for performance in small recitals rather than symphonies intended for performance with an orchestra in a large hall, with the latter works being seen as the most important genre for composers; since women composers did not write many symphonies, they were deemed to be not notable as composers.[6]

According to Abbey Philips, "women musicians have had a very difficult time breaking through and getting the credit they deserve."[7] During the Medieval eras, most of the art music was created for liturgical (religious) purposes and due to the views about the roles of women that were held by religious leaders, few women composed this type of music, with the nun Hildegard von Bingen being among the exceptions. Most university textbooks on the history of music discuss almost exclusively the role of male composers. As well, very few works by women composers are part of the standard repertoire of classical music. In the Concise Oxford History of Music, Clara Schumann is the only woman composer who is mentioned.[7] Philips states that "[d]uring the 20th century the women who were composing/playing gained far less attention than their male counterparts."[7]

Part of this gender imbalance comes from stereotypes and stigma that surround the idea of a composer. Women today are being taken more seriously in the realm of concert music, though the statistics of recognition, prizes, employment, and overall opportunities are still biased toward men.[8]

Clustering[edit]
Famous composers have a tendency to cluster in certain cities throughout history. Based on over 12,000 prominent composers listed in Grove Music Online and using word count measurement techniques, the most important cities for classical music can be quantitatively identified.[9]

Paris has been the main hub for classical music in all periods. It was ranked fifth in the 15th and 16th centuries but first in the 17th to 20th centuries inclusive. London was the second most meaningful city: eighth in the 15th century, seventh in the 16th, fifth in the 17th, second in the 18th and 19th centuries, and fourth in the 20th century. Rome topped the rankings in the 15th century, dropped to second in the 16th and 17th centuries, eighth in the 18th century, ninth in the 19th century but back at sixth in the 20th century. Berlin appears in the top ten ranking only in the 18th century, and was ranked third most important city in both the 19th and 20th centuries. New York City entered the rankings in the 19th century (at fifth place) and stood at second rank in the 20th century. The patterns are very similar for a sample of 522 top composers.[10]

Training[edit]
Professional classical composers often have a background in performing classical music during their childhood and teens, either as a singer in a choir, as a player in a youth orchestra, and/or as a performer on a solo instrument (e.g., piano, pipe organ, or violin). Teens aspiring to be composers can continue their postsecondary studies in a variety of formal training settings, including colleges, conservatories, and universities. Conservatories, which are the standard musical training system in France and in Quebec (Canada) provide lessons and amateur orchestral and choral singing experience for composition students. Universities offer a range of composition programs, including bachelor's degrees, Master of Music degrees, and Doctor of Musical Arts degrees. As well, there are a variety of other training programs such as classical summer camps and festivals, which give students the opportunity to get coaching from composers.

Undergraduate[edit]
Bachelor's degrees in composition (referred to as B.Mus. or B.M) are four-year programs that include individual composition lessons, amateur orchestra/choral experience, and a sequence of courses in music history, music theory, and liberal arts courses (e.g., English literature), which give the student a more well-rounded education. Usually, composition students must complete significant pieces or songs before graduating. Not all composers hold a B.Mus. in composition; composers may also hold a B.Mus. in music performance or music theory.

Masters[edit]
Master of music degrees (M.mus.) in composition consist of private lessons with a composition professor, ensemble experience, and graduate courses in music history and music theory, along with one or two concerts featuring the composition student's pieces. A Master's degree in music (referred to as an M.Mus. or M.M.) is often a required minimum credential for people who wish to teach composition at a university or conservatory. A composer with an M.Mus. could be an adjunct professor or instructor at a university, but it would be difficult in the 2010s to obtain a tenure track professor position with this degree.

Doctoral[edit]
To become a tenure track professor, many universities require a doctoral degree. In composition, the key doctoral degree is the Doctor of Musical Arts, rather than the PhD; the PhD is awarded in music, but typically for subjects such as musicology and music theory.

Doctor of Musical Arts (referred to as D.M.A., DMA, D.Mus.A. or A.Mus.D) degrees in composition provide an opportunity for advanced study at the highest artistic and pedagogical level, requiring usually an additional 54+ credit hours beyond a master's degree (which is about 30+ credits beyond a bachelor's degree). For this reason, admission is highly selective. Students must submit examples of their compositions. If available, some schools will also accept video or audio recordings of performances of the student's pieces. Examinations in music history, music theory, ear training/dictation, and an entrance examination are required.

Students must prepare significant compositions under the guidance of faculty composition professors. Some schools require DMA composition students to present concerts of their works, which are typically performed by singers and/or musicians from the school. The completion of advanced coursework and a minimum B average are other typical requirements of a D.M.A program. During a D.M.A. program, a composition student may get experience teaching undergraduate music students.

Other routes[edit]
Some classical composers did not complete composition programs, but focused their studies on performance of voice or an instrument or on music theory, and developed their compositional skills over the course of a career in another musical occupation.

Employment[edit]
During the Middle Ages, most composers worked for the Catholic church and composed music for religious services such as plainchant melodies. During the Renaissance music era, composers typically worked for aristocratic employers. While aristocrats typically required composers to produce a significant amount of religious music, such as Masses, composers also penned many non-religious songs on the topic of courtly love: the respectful, reverential love of a great woman from afar. Courtly love songs were very popular during the Renaissance era. During the Baroque music era, many composers were employed by aristocrats or as church employees. During the Classical period, composers began to organize more public concerts for profit, which helped composers to be less dependent on aristocratic or church jobs. This trend continued in the Romantic music era in the 19th century. In the 20th century, composers began to seek employment as professors in universities and conservatories. In the 20th century, composers also earned money from the sales of their works, such sheet music publications of their songs or pieces or as sound recordings of their works.
Songwriter
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
For other uses, see Songwriter (disambiguation).
"Songsmith" redirects here. For the music software, see Microsoft Songsmith.

Songwriter and singer Chris de Burgh.
A songwriter is an individual who writes the lyrics, melodies and chord progressions for songs, typically for a popular music genre such as pop music or country music. A songwriter can also be called a composer, although the latter term tends to be mainly used for individuals from the classical music genre. The pressure from the music industry to produce popular hits means that songwriting is often an activity for which the task are distributed between a number of people.[1] For example, a songwriter who excels at writing lyrics might be paired with a songwriter with a gift for creating original melodies. Pop songs may be written by group members from the band or by staff writers   songwriters directly employed by music publishers.[1] Some songwriters serve as their own music publishers, while others have outside publishers.[1] In the 2010s, songwriters are no longer dependent on labels to support their music. Technology has advanced to the point where songwriters can record at home with a laptop and a good-quality USB microphone.

The old-style apprenticeship approach to learning how to write songs is being supplemented by university degrees and college diplomas and "rock schools".[1] A knowledge of modern music technology (sequencers, synthesizers, computer sound editing), songwriting elements, and business skills are necessary requirements to make a songwriting career in the 2010s. Several music colleges offer songwriting diplomas and degrees with music business modules.[1] Since songwriting and publishing royalties can be a substantial source of income, particularly if a song becomes a hit record, legally, in the US, songs written after 1934 may only be copied by the authors. The legal power to grant these permissions may be bought, sold or transferred. This is governed by international copyright law.[1]

Professional songwriters can either be employed to write either the lyrics or the music directly for or alongside a performing artist, or they present songs to A&R, publishers, agents and managers for consideration. Song pitching can be done on a songwriter's behalf by their publisher or independently using tip sheets like RowFax, the MusicRow publication, and SongQuarters.[1] Skills associated with song-writing include entrepreneurism and creativity.[2]

Contents  [hide] 
1 Staff writers
2 Songwriter musicians
3 Singer-songwriters
4 Co-writing
5 References
Staff writers[edit]
Songwriters who sign an exclusive songwriting agreement with a publisher are called staff writers. Being a staff writer effectively means that during the term of the songwriter's contract with the publisher, all their songs are automatically published by that company, and can not be published elsewhere.[1]

In the Nashville country music scene, there is a strong staff writer culture where contracted writers work normal "9-to-5" hours at the publishing office and are paid a regular salary. This salary is in effect the writer's "draw", an advance for future earnings paid on a monthly basis which enables them to budget a livelihood with it.[3] The publisher owns the copyright of songs written during the term of the agreement for a designated period, after which the songwriter can reclaim the copyright.[3] In an interview with HitQuarters, songwriter Dave Berg extolled the benefits of the set-up: "I was able to concentrate on writing the whole time and have always had enough money to live on."[4]

Unlike contracted writers, some staff writers operate as employees for their respective publishers. Under the terms of these work for hire agreements, the compositions created under the term of the agreement are fully owned by the publisher. Because the recapture provision of the United States Copyright Act of 1976 does not apply to "works made for hire," the rights to a song created under an employment contract can not be "recaptured" by the writer after 35 years. In Nashville, young writers are often strongly encouraged to avoid these types of contracts.

Staff writers are common across the whole industry, but without the more office-like working arrangements favored in Nashville. All the major publishers employ writers under contract.[4] A staff writer contract with a publisher can be a first step for any professional songwriting career, with some writers outgrowing the set-up once they achieve a degree of success and a desire for greater independence.[4] Songwriter Allan Eshuijs described his staff writer contract at Universal Music Publishing as a starter deal. His success under the arrangement eventually allowed him to found his own publishing company so that he could "...keep as much [publishing income] as possible and say how it s going to be done."[5]

Songwriter musicians[edit]
Songwriters are also often skilled musicians. In part, this is because the process of "working out" a song or arrangement requires a songwriter to play an instrument, typically the guitar or the piano, to hear how the chord progression sounds and to hear how well a given set of chords supports a melody. In addition to selling their songs and musical concepts for other artists to sing, some songwriter-musicians create songs to perform themselves. Songwriters need to create a number of elements for a song. At minimum, a songwriter must prepare a lead sheet for a song, which consists of one or more pieces of sheet music with the melody notes and chord progression indicated on it.

The songwriter may expand upon the melody and chord progression by adding an instrumental melody (which may occur before or after the vocal melody, or alongside the vocal melody) and creating a more complex song structure (e.g., verse, chorus, bridge, instrumental solo section, verse, etc.).

Singer-songwriters[edit]
Many leading singers are also songwriters, and as such, they are called singer-songwriters.

Footnotes
Jump up ^ The pronunciation of "Van Gogh" varies in both English and Dutch. Especially in British English it is / v n    x/ or sometimes / v n    f/. US dictionaries list / v n   o /, with a silent gh, as the most common pronunciation. In the dialect of Holland, it is [ v ns nt f   x x] ( listen), with a voiceless V. He grew up in Brabant, and used Brabant dialect in his writing; if he pronounced his name with a Brabant accent it would be [v      ], with a voiced V and palatalised G and gh. In France, where much of his work was produced, it is [v       ]
Jump up ^ It has been suggested that being given the same name as his dead elder brother might have had a deep psychological impact on the young artist, and that elements of his art, such as the portrayal of pairs of male figures, can be traced back to this. See Lubin (1972), 82 84.
Jump up ^ See the recollections gathered in Dordrecht by M. J. Brusse, Nieuwe Rotterdamsche Courant, 26 May and 2 June 1914: "...he would not eat meat, only a little morsel on Sundays, and then only after being urged by our landlady for a long time. Four potatoes with a suspicion of gravy and a mouthful of vegetables constituted his whole dinner"   from a letter to Frederik van Eeden, to help him with preparation for his article on Van Gogh in De Nieuwe Gids, Issue 1, December 1890. Quoted in Van Gogh: A Self-Portrait; Letters Revealing His Life as a Painter. W. H. Auden, New York Graphic Society, Greenwich, CT. (1961), 37 39
Jump up ^ Letter 151 To Theo van Gogh. Petit-Wasmes, April 1879 and Letter 154 To Theo van Gogh. Cuesmes, between 11 and 14 August 1879. Van Gogh lodged in Wasmes at 22 rue de Wilson with Jean-Baptiste Denis, a breeder or grower (cultivateur, in the French original) according to Letter 693. In the recollections of his nephew Jean Richez, gathered by Wilkie (in the 1970s), 72 8. Denis and his wife Esther were running a bakery, and Richez admits that the only source of his knowledge is Aunt Esther.
Jump up ^ There are different views on this period; Hulsker (1990) opts for a return to the Borinage and then back to Etten in this period; Dorn, in: Gesk  (2006), 48& note 12 supports this view
Jump up ^ See Jan Hulsker's speech The Borinage Episode and the Misrepresentation of Vincent van Gogh, Van Gogh Symposium, 10 11 May 1990. In Erickson (1998), 67 68
Jump up ^ "Uncle Stricker", as Van Gogh refers to him in letters to Theo.
Jump up ^ Johannes de Looyer, Karel van Engeland, Hendricus Dekkers, and Piet van Hoorn all as old men recalled being paid 5, 10 or 50 cents per nest, depending on the type of bird. See Theo's son's letter of 1949
Jump up ^ Vincent's nephew noted some reminiscences of local residents in 1949, including the description of the speed of his drawing.
Jump up ^ The girl was Gordina de Groot, who died in 1927; she claimed the child's father was not Van Gogh, but a relative.
Jump up ^ Vincent's doctor was Hubertus Amadeus Cavenaile. Wilkie (2004), 143 46
Jump up ^ See Arnold (1992), 77 The direct evidence for syphilis is thin, coming solely from interviews with the grandson of the doctor; see Tralbaut (1981), 177 78, and for a review of the evidence overall see Naifeh; Smith 477 n. 199
Jump up ^ Van Gogh (2010), Letter 719 to Theo van Gogh. Arles, Sunday, 11 or Monday, 12 November 1888:
I've been working on two canvases... A reminiscence of our garden at Etten with cabbages, cypresses, dahlias and figures ...Gauguin gives me courage to imagine, and the things of the imagination do indeed take on a more mysterious character.
Jump up ^ According to Doiteau & Leroy (1928) the diagonal cut removed the lobe and probably a little more.
Jump up ^ Gauguin, who had spent the night in a nearby hotel, arrived independently at the same time
Jump up ^ They continued to correspond and in 1890 Gauguin proposed they form an artist studio in Antwerp. See Pickvance (1986), 62
Jump up ^ Artists working in black & white, i.e., for illustrated papers like The Graphic or The Illustrated London News were among Van Gogh's favourites. See Pickvance (1974/75)
Jump up ^ "Letter 673: To Theo van Gogh. Arles, Monday, 3 September 1888". Van Gogh Museum. Ah, my dear brother, sometimes I know so clearly what I want. In life and in painting too, I can easily do without the dear Lord, but I can t, suffering as I do, do without something greater than myself, which is my life, the power to create. And if frustrated in this power physically, we try to create thoughts instead of children; in that way, we re part of humanity all the same.

void setup() {
  // put your setup code here, to run once:

}

void loop() {
  // put your main code here, to run repeatedly:

}Art is a diverse range of human activities in creating visual, auditory or 
performing artifacts , artworks, expressing the author's imaginative or 
technical skill, intended to be
appreciated for their beauty or emotional power.[1][2] In their most general 
form these activities include the production of works of art, the criticism of 
art, the study of the 
history of art, and the aesthetic dissemination of art.

The oldest form of art are visual arts, which include creation of images or 
objects in fields including painting, sculpture, printmaking, photography, and 
other visual media. 
Architecture is often included as one of the visual arts; however, like the 
decorative arts, it involves the creation of objects where the practical 
considerations of use are 
essential,in a way that they usually are not in a painting, for example. Music, 
theatre, film, dance, and other performing arts, as well as literature and 
other media such 
as interactive media, are included in a broader definition of art or the arts.[1]
[3] Until the 17th century, art referred to any skill or mastery and was not 
differentiated from 
crafts or sciences. In modern usage after the 17th century, where aesthetic 
considerations are paramount, the fine arts are separated and distinguished 
from acquired 
skills in general, such as the decorative or applied arts.

Art may be characterized in terms of mimesis (its representation of reality), 
expression, communication of emotion, or other qualities. During the 
Romantic period, art 
came to be seen as "a special faculty of the human mind to be classified 
with religion and science".[4] Though the definition of what constitutes art is 
disputed[5][6][7] and 
has changed over time, general descriptions mention an idea of imaginative 
or technical skill stemming from human agency[8] and creation.[9]

The nature of art, and related concepts such as creativity and interpretation, 
are explored in a branch of philosophy known as aesthetics.[10]

In the perspective of the history of art,[9] artistic works have existed for 
almost as long as humankind: from early pre historic art to contemporary art; 
however, some 
theories restrict the concept of "artistic works" to modern Western societies.
[11] One early sense of the definition of art is closely related to the older 
Latin meaning, which 
roughly translates to "skill" or "craft," as associated with words such as 
"artisan." English words derived from this meaning include artifact, artificial, 
artifice, medical arts, 
and military arts. However, there are many other colloquial uses of the word, 
all with some relation to its etymology.


20th century Rwandan bottle. Artistic works may serve practical functions, in 
addition to their decorative value.
Few modern scholars have been more divided than Plato and Aristotle on 
the question concerning the importance of art, with Aristotle strongly 
supporting art in general 
and Plato generally being opposed to its relative importance. Several 
dialogues in Plato tackle questions about art: Socrates says that poetry is 
inspired by the muses, and 
is not rational. He speaks approvingly of this, and other forms of divine 
madness (drunkenness, eroticism, and dreaming) in the Phaedrus (265a,c), 
and yet in the
Republic wants to outlaw Homer's great poetic art, and laughter as well. In 
Ion, Socrates gives no hint of the disapproval of Homer that he expresses in 
the Republic. The 
dialogue Ion suggests that Homer's Iliad functioned in the ancient Greek 
world as the Bible does today in the modern Christian world: as divinely 
inspired literary art that 
can provide moral guidance, if only it can be properly interpreted. With 
regards to the literary art and the musical arts, Aristotle considered epic 
poetry, tragedy, comedy, 
dithyrambic poetry and music to be mimetic or imitative art, each varying in 
imitation by medium, object, and manner.[12] For example, music imitates 
with the media of 
rhythm and harmony, whereas dance imitates with rhythm alone, and poetry 
with language. The forms also differ in their object of imitation. Comedy, for 
instance, is a 
dramatic imitation of men worse than average; whereas tragedy imitates men 
slightly better than average. Lastly, the forms differ in their manner of 
imitation , through
narrative or character, through change or no change, and through drama or 
no drama.[13] Aristotle believed that imitation is natural to mankind and 
constitutes one of 
mankind's advantages over animals.[14]

The second, and more recent, sense of the word art as an abbreviation for 
creative art or fine art emerged in the early 17th century.[15] Fine art refers 
to a skill used to 
express the artist's creativity, or to engage the audience's aesthetic 
sensibilities, or to draw the audience towards consideration of more refined 
or finer work of art.

Within this latter sense, the word art may refer to several things: (i) a study 
of a creative skill, (ii) a process of using the creative skill, (iii) a product of the 
creative skill, or 
(iv) the audience's experience with the creative skill. The creative arts (art as 
discipline) are a collection of disciplines which produce artworks (art as 
objects) that are 
compelled by a personal drive (art as activity) and convey a message, mood, 
or symbolism for the perceiver to interpret (art as experience). Art is 
something that 
stimulates an individual's thoughts, emotions, beliefs, or ideas through the 
senses. Works of art can be explicitly made for this purpose or interpreted 
on the basis of 
images or objects. For some scholars, such as Kant, the sciences and the 
arts could be distinguished by taking science as representing the domain of 
knowledge and the 
arts as representing the domain of the freedom of artistic expression.

Often, if the skill is being used in a common or practical way, people will 
consider it a craft instead of art. Likewise, if the skill is being used in a 
commercial or industrial 
way, it may be considered commercial art instead of fine art. On the other 
hand, crafts and design are sometimes considered applied art. Some art 
followers have argued 
that the difference between fine art and applied art has more to do with 
value judgments made about the art than any clear definitional difference.
[16] However, even fine 
art often has goals beyond pure creativity and self expression. The purpose 
of works of art may be to communicate ideas, such as in politically, 
spiritually, or 
philosophically motivated art; to create a sense of beauty (see aesthetics); to 
explore the nature of perception; for pleasure; or to generate strong 
emotions. The purpose 
may also be seemingly nonexistent.

The nature of art has been described by philosopher Richard Wollheim as 
"one of the most elusive of the traditional problems of human culture".[17] 
Art has been defined 
as a vehicle for the expression or communication of emotions and ideas, a 
means for exploring and appreciating formal elements for their own sake, 
and as mimesis or 
representation. Art as mimesis has deep roots in the philosophy of Aristotle.
[18] Leo Tolstoy identified art as a use of indirect means to communicate 
from one person to 
another.[18] Benedetto Croce and R.G. Collingwood advanced the idealist 
view that art expresses emotions, and that the work of art therefore 
essentially exists in the mind 
of the creator.[19][20] The theory of art as form has its roots in the 
philosophy of Immanuel Kant, and was developed in the early twentieth 
century by Roger Fry and Clive 
Bell. More recently, thinkers influenced by Martin Heidegger have interpreted 
art as the means by which a community develops for itself a medium for self 
expression and 
interpretation.[21] George Dickie has offered an institutional theory of art that 
defines a work of art as any artifact upon which a qualified person or 
persons acting on 
behalf of the social institution commonly referred to as "the art world" has 
conferred "the status of candidate for appreciation".[22] Larry Shiner has 
described fine art as 
"not an essence or a fate but something we have made. Art as we have 
generally understood it is a European invention barely two hundred years 
old. [23]
Sculptures, cave paintings, rock paintings and petroglyphs from the Upper 
Paleolithic dating to roughly 40,000 years ago have been found,[24] but the 
precise meaning of 
such art is often disputed because so little is known about the cultures that 
produced them. The oldest art objects in the world,a series of tiny, drilled 
snail shells about 
75,000 years old,were discovered in a South African cave.[25] Containers 
that may have been used to hold paints have been found dating as far back 
as 100,000 
years.[26] Etched shells by Homo erectus from 430,000 and 540,000 years 
ago were discovered in 2014.[27]


Cave painting of a horse from the Lascaux caves, circa 16,000 BP
Many great traditions in art have a foundation in the art of one of the great 
ancient civilizations: Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, Persia, India, China, 
Ancient Greece, Rome, 
as well as Inca, Maya, and Olmec. Each of these centers of early civilization 
developed a unique and characteristic style in its art. Because of the size 
and duration of 
these civilizations, more of their art works have survived and more of their 
influence has been transmitted to other cultures and later times. Some also 
have provided the 
first records of how artists worked. For example, this period of Greek art saw 
a veneration of the human physical form and the development of equivalent 
skills to show 
musculature, poise, beauty, and anatomically correct proportions.

In Byzantine and Medieval art of the Western Middle Ages, much art focused 
on the expression of subjects about Biblical and religious culture, and used 
styles that 
showed the higher glory of a heavenly world, such as the use of gold in the 
background of paintings, or glass in mosaics or windows, which also 
presented figures in 
idealized, patterned (flat) forms. Nevertheless, a classical realist tradition 
persisted in small Byzantine works, and realism steadily grew in the art of 
Catholic Europe.

Renaissance art had a greatly increased emphasis on the realistic depiction 
of the material world, and the place of humans in it, reflected in the 
corporeality of the human 
body, and development of a systematic method of graphical perspective to 
depict recession in a three dimensional picture space.


The stylized signature of Sultan Mahmud II of the Ottoman Empire was 
written in Islamic calligraphy. It reads Mahmud Khan son of Abdulhamid is 
forever victorious.

The Great Mosque of Kairouan in Tunisia, also called the Mosque of Uqba, 
is one of the finest, most significant and best preserved artistic and 
architectural examples of 
early great mosques. Dated in its present state from the 9th century, it is the 
ancestor and model of all the mosques in the western Islamic lands.[28]
In the east, Islamic art's rejection of iconography led to emphasis on 
geometric patterns, calligraphy, and architecture. Further east, religion 
dominated artistic styles and 
forms too. India and Tibet saw emphasis on painted sculptures and dance, 
while religious painting borrowed many conventions from sculpture and 
tended to bright 
contrasting colors with emphasis on outlines. China saw the flourishing of 
many art forms: jade carving, bronzework, pottery (including the stunning 
terracotta army of 
Emperor Qin), poetry, calligraphy, music, painting, drama, fiction, etc. 
Chinese styles vary greatly from era to era and each one is traditionally 
named after the ruling 
dynasty. So, for example, Tang dynasty paintings are monochromatic and 
sparse, emphasizing idealized landscapes, but Ming Dynasty paintings are 
busy and colorful, 
and focus on telling stories via setting and composition. Japan names its 
styles after imperial dynasties too, and also saw much interplay between the 
styles of calligraphy 
and painting. Woodblock printing became important in Japan after the 17th 
century.


Painting by Song dynasty artist Ma Lin, circa 1250. 24.8   25.2 cm
The western Age of Enlightenment in the 18th century saw artistic depictions 
of physical and rational certainties of the clockwork universe, as well as 
politically 
revolutionary visions of a post monarchist world, such as Blake's portrayal of 
Newton as a divine geometer, or David's propagandistic paintings. This led 
to Romantic 
rejections of this in favor of pictures of the emotional side and individuality of 
humans, exemplified in the novels of Goethe. The late 19th century then 
saw a host of artistic 
movements, such as academic art, Symbolism, impressionism and fauvism 
among others.

The history of twentieth century art is a narrative of endless possibilities and 
the search for new standards, each being torn down in succession by the 
next. Thus the 
parameters of Impressionism, Expressionism, Fauvism, Cubism, Dadaism, 
Surrealism, etc. cannot be maintained very much beyond the time of their 
invention. Increasing 
global interaction during this time saw an equivalent influence of other 
cultures into Western art. Thus, Japanese woodblock prints (themselves 
influenced by Western 
Renaissance draftsmanship) had an immense influence on Impressionism 
and subsequent development. Later, African sculptures were taken up by 
Picasso and to some 
extent by Matisse. Similarly, in the 19th and 20th centuries the West has had 
huge impacts on Eastern art with originally western ideas like Communism 
and Post 
Modernism exerting a powerful influence.

Modernism, the idealistic search for truth, gave way in the latter half of the 
20th century to a realization of its unattainability. Theodor W. Adorno said in 
1970, "It is now 
taken for granted that nothing which concerns art can be taken for granted 
any more: neither art itself, nor art in relationship to the whole, nor even the 
right of art to 
exist."[29] Relativism was accepted as an unavoidable truth, which led to the 
period of contemporary art and postmodern criticism, where cultures of the 
world and of 
history are seen as changing forms, which can be appreciated and drawn 
from only with skepticism and irony. Furthermore, the separation of cultures 
is increasingly 
blurred and some argue it is now more appropriate to think in terms of a 
global culture, rather than of regional ones.

Forms, genres, media, and styles
Main article: The arts

Detail of Leonardo da Vinci's Mona Lisa, showing the painting technique of 
sfumato
The creative arts are often divided into more specific categories, each related 
to its technique, or medium, such as decorative arts, plastic arts, performing 
arts, or 
literature. Unlike scientific fields, art is one of the few subjects that are 
academically organized according to technique. An artistic medium is the 
substance or material the 
artistic work is made from, and may also refer to the technique used. For 
example, paint is a medium used in painting, and paper is a medium used in 
drawing.

An art form is the specific shape, or quality an artistic expression takes. The 
media used often influence the form. For example, the form of a sculpture 
must exist in space 
in three dimensions, and respond to gravity. The constraints and limitations 
of a particular medium are thus called its formal qualities. To give another 
example, the formal 
qualities of painting are the canvas texture, color, and brush texture. The 
formal qualities of video games are non linearity, interactivity and virtual 
presence. The form of a 
particular work of art is determined by the formal qualities of the media, and 
is not related to the intentions of the artist or the reactions of the audience in 
any way 
whatsoever as these properties are related to content rather than form.[30]

A genre is a set of conventions and styles within a particular medium. For 
instance, well recognized genres in film are western, horror and romantic 
comedy. Genres in 
music include death metal and trip hop. Genres in painting include still life 
and pastoral landscape. A particular work of art may bend or combine 
genres but each genre 
has a recognizable group of conventions, clich s and tropes. (One note: the 
word genre has a second older meaning within painting; genre painting was 
a phrase used in 
the 17th to 19th centuries to refer specifically to paintings of scenes of 
everyday life and is still used in this way.)


The Great Wave off Kanagawa by Hokusai (Japanese, 1760,1849), colored 
woodcut print
The style of an artwork, artist, or movement is the distinctive method and 
form followed by the respective art. Any loose brushy, dripped or poured 
abstract painting is 
called expressionistic. Often a style is linked with a particular historical 
period, set of ideas, and particular artistic movement. So Jackson Pollock is 
called an Abstract 
Expressionist.

A particular style may have specific cultural meanings. For example, Roy 
Lichtenstein,a painter associated with the American Pop art movement of the 
1960s,was not a 
pointillist, despite his use of dots. Lichtenstein used evenly spaced Ben Day 
dots (the type used to reproduce color in comic strips) as a style to question 
the "high" art of 
painting with the "low" art of comics, thus commenting on class distinctions 
in culture. Pointillism, a technique in late Impressionism (1880s) developed 
especially by the 
artist Georges Seurat, employs dots to create variation in color and depth in 
an attempt to approximate the way people really see color. Both artists use 
dots, but the 
particular style and technique relate to the artistic movement adopted by 
each artist.

These are all ways of beginning to define a work of art, to narrow it down.

Imagine you are an art critic whose mission is to compare the meanings you 
find in a wide range of individual artworks. How would you proceed with your 
task  One way 
to begin is to examine the materials each artist selected in making an object, 
image video, or event. The decision to cast a sculpture in bronze, for 
instance, inevitably 
effects its meaning; the work becomes something different from how it might 
be if it had been cast in gold or plastic or chocolate, even if everything else 
about the artwork 
remains the same. Next, you might examine how the materials in each 
artwork have become an arrangement of shapes, colors, textures, and lines. 
These, in turn, are 
organized into various patterns and compositional structures. In your 
interpretation, you would comment on how salient features of the form 
contribute to the overall 
meaning of the finished artwork. [But in the end] the meaning of most 
artworks ... is not exhausted by a discussion of materials, techniques, and 
form. Most interpretations 
also include a discussion of the ideas and feelings the artwork engenders.
[31]

Skill and craft

Adam. Detail from Michelangelo's fresco in the Sistine Chapel (1511)
See also: Conceptual Art and Artistic Skill
Art can connote a sense of trained ability or mastery of a medium. Art can 
also simply refer to the developed and efficient use of a language to convey 
meaning with 
immediacy and or depth. Art is an act of expressing feelings, thoughts, and 
observations.[32] There is an understanding that is reached with the material 
as a result of 
handling it, which facilitates one's thought processes. A common view is that 
the epithet "art", particular in its elevated sense, requires a certain level of 
creative expertise 
by the artist, whether this be a demonstration of technical ability, an 
originality in stylistic approach, or a combination of these two. Traditionally 
skill of execution was 
viewed as a quality inseparable from art and thus necessary for its success; 
for Leonardo da Vinci, art, neither more nor less than his other endeavors, 
was a 
manifestation of skill. Rembrandt's work, now praised for its ephemeral 
virtues, was most admired by his contemporaries for its virtuosity. At the turn 
of the 20th century, 
the adroit performances of John Singer Sargent were alternately admired 
and viewed with skepticism for their manual fluency, yet at nearly the same 
time the artist who 
would become the era's most recognized and peripatetic iconoclast, Pablo 
Picasso, was completing a traditional academic training at which he 
excelled.

A common contemporary criticism of some modern art occurs along the lines 
of objecting to the apparent lack of skill or ability required in the production 
of the artistic 
object. In conceptual art, Marcel Duchamp's "Fountain" is among the first 
examples of pieces wherein the artist used found objects ("ready made") 
and exercised no 
traditionally recognised set of skills. Tracey Emin's My Bed, or Damien Hirst's 
The Physical Impossibility of Death in the Mind of Someone Living follow this 
example and 
also manipulate the mass media. Emin slept (and engaged in other 
activities) in her bed before placing the result in a gallery as work of art. Hirst 
came up with the 
conceptual design for the artwork but has left most of the eventual creation 
of many works to employed artisans. Hirst's celebrity is founded entirely on 
his ability to 
produce shocking concepts. The actual production in many conceptual and 
contemporary works of art is a matter of assembly of found objects. 
However, there are many 
modernist and contemporary artists who continue to excel in the skills of 
drawing and painting and in creating hands on works of art.

Purpose of art

A Navajo rug made circa 1880

Mozarabic Beatus miniature. Spain, late 10th century
Art has had a great number of different functions throughout its history, 
making its purpose difficult to abstract or quantify to any single concept. 
This does not imply that 
the purpose of Art is "vague", but that it has had many unique, different 
reasons for being created. Some of these functions of Art are provided in the 
following outline. The 
different purposes of art may be grouped according to those that are non 
motivated, and those that are motivated (L vi Strauss).

Non motivated functions of art
The non motivated purposes of art are those that are integral to being 
human, transcend the individual, or do not fulfill a specific external purpose. 
In this sense, Art, as 
creativity, is something humans must do by their very nature (i.e., no other 
species creates art), and is therefore beyond utility.

Basic human instinct for harmony, balance, rhythm. Art at this level is not an 
action or an object, but an internal appreciation of balance and harmony 
(beauty), and 
therefore an aspect of being human beyond utility.
"Imitation, then, is one instinct of our nature. Next, there is the instinct for 
'harmony' and rhythm, meters being manifestly sections of rhythm. Persons, 
therefore, starting 
with this natural gift developed by degrees their special aptitudes, till their 
rude improvisations gave birth to Poetry."  Aristotle[33]

Experience of the mysterious. Art provides a way to experience one's self in 
relation to the universe. This experience may often come unmotivated, as 
one appreciates art, 
music or poetry.
"The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the 
source of all true art and science."  Albert Einstein[34]

Expression of the imagination. Art provides a means to express the 
imagination in non grammatic ways that are not tied to the formality of 
spoken or written language. 
Unlike words, which come in sequences and each of which have a definite 
meaning, art provides a range of forms, symbols and ideas with meanings 
that are malleable.
"Jupiter's eagle [as an example of art] is not, like logical (aesthetic) attributes 
of an object, the concept of the sublimity and majesty of creation, but rather 
something else ,
something that gives the imagination an incentive to spread its flight over a 
whole host of kindred representations that provoke more thought than 
admits of expression in a 
concept determined by words. They furnish an aesthetic idea, which serves 
the above rational idea as a substitute for logical presentation, but with the 
proper function, 
however, of animating the mind by opening out for it a prospect into a field of 
kindred representations stretching beyond its ken."  Immanuel Kant[35]

Ritualistic and symbolic functions. In many cultures, art is used in rituals, 
performances and dances as a decoration or symbol. While these often have 
no specific 
utilitarian (motivated) purpose, anthropologists know that they often serve a 
purpose at the level of meaning within a particular culture. This meaning is 
not furnished by 
any one individual, but is often the result of many generations of change, 
and of a cosmological relationship within the culture.
"Most scholars who deal with rock paintings or objects recovered from 
prehistoric contexts that cannot be explained in utilitarian terms and are thus 
categorized as 
decorative, ritual or symbolic, are aware of the trap posed by the term 'art'."  
Silva Tomaskova[36]

Motivated functions of art
Motivated purposes of art refer to intentional, conscious actions on the part 
of the artists or creator. These may be to bring about political change, to 
comment on an 
aspect of society, to convey a specific emotion or mood, to address personal 
psychology, to illustrate another discipline, to (with commercial arts) to sell a 
product, or 
simply as a form of communication.

Communication. Art, at its simplest, is a form of communication. As most 
forms of communication have an intent or goal directed toward another 
individual, this is a 
motivated purpose. Illustrative arts, such as scientific illustration, are a form 
of art as communication. Maps are another example. However, the content 
need not be 
scientific. Emotions, moods and feelings are also communicated through art.
"[Art is a set of] artefacts or images with symbolic meanings as a means of 
communication."  Steve Mithen[37]

Art as entertainment. Art may seek to bring about a particular emotion or 
mood, for the purpose of relaxing or entertaining the viewer. This is often the 
function of the art 
industries of Motion Pictures and Video Games.[citation needed]
The Avante Garde. Art for political change. One of the defining functions of 
early twentieth century art has been to use visual images to bring about 
political change. Art 
movements that had this goal,Dadaism, Surrealism, Russian constructivism, 
and Abstract Expressionism, among others,are collectively referred to as the 
avante garde 
arts.
"By contrast, the realistic attitude, inspired by positivism, from Saint Thomas 
Aquinas to Anatole France, clearly seems to me to be hostile to any 
intellectual or moral 
advancement. I loathe it, for it is made up of mediocrity, hate, and dull 
conceit. It is this attitude which today gives birth to these ridiculous books, 
these insulting plays. It 
constantly feeds on and derives strength from the newspapers and stultifies 
both science and art by assiduously flattering the lowest of tastes; clarity 
bordering on 
stupidity, a dog's life."  Andr  Breton (Surrealism)[38]

Art as a "free zone", removed from the action of the social censure. Unlike 
the avant garde movements, which wanted to erase cultural differences in 
order to produce 
new universal values, contemporary art has enhanced its tolerance towards 
cultural differences as well as its critical and liberating functions (social 
inquiry, activism, 
subversion, deconstruction ...), becoming a more open place for research 
and experimentation.[39]
Art for social inquiry, subversion and/or anarchy. While similar to art for 
political change, subversive or deconstructivist art may seek to question 
aspects of society 
without any specific political goal. In this case, the function of art may be 
simply to criticize some aspect of society.

Spray paint graffiti on a wall in Rome
Graffiti art and other types of street art are graphics and images that are 
spray painted or stencilled on publicly viewable walls, buildings, buses, 
trains, and bridges, 
usually without permission. Certain art forms, such as graffiti, may also be 
illegal when they break laws (in this case vandalism).
Art for social causes. Art can be used to raise awareness for a large variety 
of causes. A number of art activities were aimed at raising awareness of 
autism,[40][41][42] 
cancer,[43][44][45] human trafficking,[46][47] and a variety of other topics, 
such as ocean conservation,[48] human rights in Darfur,[49] murdered and 
missing Aboriginal 
women,[50] elder abuse,[51] and pollution.[52] Trashion, using trash to 
make fashion, practiced by artists such as Marina DeBris is one example of 
using art to raise 
awareness about pollution.
Art for psychological and healing purposes. Art is also used by art 
therapists, psychotherapists and clinical psychologists as art therapy. The 
Diagnostic Drawing Series, 
for example, is used to determine the personality and emotional functioning 
of a patient. The end product is not the principal goal in this case, but rather 
a process of 
healing, through creative acts, is sought. The resultant piece of artwork may 
also offer insight into the troubles experienced by the subject and may 
suggest suitable 
approaches to be used in more conventional forms of psychiatric therapy.
Art for propaganda, or commercialism. Art is often utilized as a form of 
propaganda, and thus can be used to subtly influence popular conceptions 
or mood. In a similar 
way, art that tries to sell a product also influences mood and emotion. In 
both cases, the purpose of art here is to subtly manipulate the viewer into a 
particular emotional or 
psychological response toward a particular idea or object.[53]
Art as a fitness indicator. It has been argued that the ability of the human 
brain by far exceeds what was needed for survival in the ancestral 
environment. One evolutionary 
psychology explanation for this is that the human brain and associated traits 
(such as artistic ability and creativity) are the human equivalent of the 
peacock's tail. The 
purpose of the male peacock's extravagant tail has been argued to be to 
attract females (see also Fisherian runaway and handicap principle). 
According to this theory 
superior execution of art was evolutionary important because it attracted 
mates.[54]
The functions of art described above are not mutually exclusive, as many of 
them may overlap. For example, art for the purpose of entertainment may 
also seek to sell a 
product, i.e. the movie or video game.

Public access

Versailles: Louis Le Vau opened up the interior court to create the expansive 
entrance cour d'honneur, later copied all over Europe.
Since ancient times, much of the finest art has represented a deliberate 
display of wealth or power, often achieved by using massive scale and 
expensive materials. Much 
art has been commissioned by rulers or religious establishments, with more 
modest versions only available to the most wealthy in society. Nevertheless, 
there have been 
many periods where art of very high quality was available, in terms of 
ownership, across large parts of society, above all in cheap media such as 
pottery, which persists in 
the ground, and perishable media such as textiles and wood. In many 
different cultures, the ceramics of indigenous peoples of the Americas are 
found in such a wide 
range of graves that they were clearly not restricted to a social elite, though 
other forms of art may have been. Reproductive methods such as moulds 
made mass 
production easier, and were used to bring high quality Ancient Roman 
pottery and Greek Tanagra figurines to a very wide market. Cylinder seals 
were both artistic and 
practical, and very widely used by what can be loosely called the middle 
class in the Ancient Near East. Once coins were widely used these also 
became an art form that 
reached the widest range of society. Another important innovation came in 
the 15th century in Europe, when printmaking began with small woodcuts, 
mostly religious, that 
were often very small and hand colored, and affordable even by peasants 
who glued them to the walls of their homes. Printed books were initially very 
expensive, but fell 
steadily in price until by the 19th century even the poorest could afford some 
with printed illustrations. Popular prints of many different sorts have 
decorated homes and 
other places for centuries.

Public buildings and monuments, secular and religious, by their nature 
normally address the whole of society, and visitors as viewers, and display to 
the general public has 
long been an important factor in their design. Egyptian temples are typical in 
that the most largest and most lavish decoration was placed on the parts 
that could be seen 
by the general public, rather than the areas seen only by the priests. Many 
areas of royal palaces, castles and the houses of the social elite were often 
generally 
accessible, and large parts of the art collections of such people could often 
be seen, either by anybody, or by those able to pay a small price, or those 
wearing the correct 
clothes, regardless of who they were, as at the Palace of Versailles, where 
the appropriate extra accessories (silver shoe buckles and a sword) could be 
hired from shops 
outside.

Special arrangements were made to allow the public to see many royal or 
private collections placed in galleries, as with the Orleans Collection mostly 
housed in a wing of 
the Palais Royal in Paris, which could be visited for most of the 18th century. 
In Italy the art tourism of the Grand Tour became a major industry from the 
Renaissance 
onwards, and governments and cities made efforts to make their key works 
accessible. The British Royal Collection remains distinct, but large donations 
such as the Old 
Royal Library were made from it to the British Museum, established in 1753. 
The Uffizi in Florence opened entirely as a gallery in 1765, though this 
function had been 
gradually taking the building over from the original civil servants' offices for a 
long time before. The building now occupied by the Prado in Madrid was 
built before the 
French Revolution for the public display of parts of the royal art collection, 
and similar royal galleries open to the public existed in Vienna, Munich and 
other capitals. The 
opening of the Mus e du Louvre during the French Revolution (in 1793) as a 
public museum for much of the former French royal collection certainly 
marked an important 
stage in the development of public access to art, transferring ownership to a 
republican state, but was a continuation of trends already well established.

Most modern public museums and art education programs for children in 
schools can be traced back to this impulse to have art available to everyone. 
Museums in the 
United States tend to be gifts from the very rich to the masses (The 
Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City, for example, was created by 
John Taylor Johnston, a 
railroad executive whose personal art collection seeded the museum.) But 
despite all this, at least one of the important functions of art in the 21st 
century remains as a 
marker of wealth and social status.


Performance by Joseph Beuys, 1978: Everyone an artist , On the way to the 
libertarian form of the social organism
There have been attempts by artists to create art that can not be bought by 
the wealthy as a status object. One of the prime original motivators of much 
of the art of the late 
1960s and 1970s was to create art that could not be bought and sold. It is 
"necessary to present something more than mere objects"[55] said the major 
post war German 
artist Joseph Beuys. This time period saw the rise of such things as 
performance art, video art, and conceptual art. The idea was that if the 
artwork was a performance 
that would leave nothing behind, or was simply an idea, it could not be 
bought and sold. "Democratic precepts revolving around the idea that a work 
of art is a commodity 
impelled the aesthetic innovation which germinated in the mid 1960s and 
was reaped throughout the 1970s. Artists broadly identified under the 
heading of Conceptual art 
... substituting performance and publishing activities for engagement with 
both the material and materialistic concerns of painted or sculptural form ... 
[have] endeavored to 
undermine the art object qua object."[56]

In the decades since, these ideas have been somewhat lost as the art 
market has learned to sell limited edition DVDs of video works,[57] invitations 
to exclusive 
performance art pieces, and the objects left over from conceptual pieces. 
Many of these performances create works that are only understood by the 
elite who have been 
educated as to why an idea or video or piece of apparent garbage may be 
considered art. The marker of status becomes understanding the work 
instead of necessarily 
owning it, and the artwork remains an upper class activity. "With the 
widespread use of DVD recording technology in the early 2000s, artists, and 
the gallery system that 
derives its profits from the sale of artworks, gained an important means of 
controlling the sale of video and computer artworks in limited editions to 
collectors."[58]

Controversies

Th odore G ricault's Raft of the Medusa, circa 1820
Art has long been controversial, that is to say disliked by some viewers, for a 
wide variety of reasons, though most pre modern controversies are dimly 
recorded, or 
completely lost to a modern view. Iconoclasm is the destruction of art that is 
disliked for a variety of reasons, including religious ones. Aniconism is a 
general dislike of 
either all figurative images, or often just religious ones, and has been a 
thread in many major religions. It has been a crucial factor in the history of 
Islamic art, where 
depictions of Muhammad remain especially controversial. Much art has been 
disliked purely because it depicted or otherwise stood for unpopular rulers, 
parties or other 
groups. Artistic conventions have often been conservative and taken very 
seriously by art critics, though often much less so by a wider public. The 
iconographic content of 
art could cause controversy, as with late medieval depictions of the new 
motif of the Swoon of the Virgin in scenes of the Crucifixion of Jesus. The 
Last Judgment by 
Michelangelo was controversial for various reasons, including breaches of 
decorum through nudity and the Apollo like pose of Christ.

The content of much formal art through history was dictated by the patron or 
commissioner rather than just the artist, but with the advent of Romanticism, 
and econonomic 
changes in the production of art, the artists' vision became the usual 
determinant of the content of his art, increasing the incidence of 
controversies, though often reducing 
their significance. Strong incentives for perceived originality and publicity 
also encouraged artists to court controversy. Th odore G ricault's Raft of the 
Medusa (c. 1820), 
was in part a political commentary on a recent event.  douard Manet's Le D 
jeuner sur l'Herbe (1863), was considered scandalous not because of the 
nude woman, but 
because she is seated next to men fully dressed in the clothing of the time, 
rather than in robes of the antique world. John Singer Sargent's Madame 
Pierre Gautreau 
(Madam X) (1884), caused a controversy over the reddish pink used to color 
the woman's ear lobe, considered far too suggestive and supposedly ruining 
the high society 
model's reputation.

The gradual abandonment of naturalism and the depiction of realistic 
representations of the visual appearance of subjects in the 19th and 20th 
centuries led to a rolling 
controversy lasting for over a century. In the twentieth century, Pablo 
Picasso's Guernica (1937) used arresting cubist techniques and stark 
monochromatic oils, to depict 
the harrowing consequences of a contemporary bombing of a small, ancient 
Basque town. Leon Golub's Interrogation III (1981), depicts a female nude, 
hooded detainee 
strapped to a chair, her legs open to reveal her sexual organs, surrounded 
by two tormentors dressed in everyday clothing. Andres Serrano's Piss 
Christ (1989) is a 
photograph of a crucifix, sacred to the Christian religion and representing 
Christ's sacrifice and final suffering, submerged in a glass of the artist's own 
urine. The 
resulting uproar led to comments in the United States Senate about public 
funding of the arts.

Theory
Main article: Aesthetics
In the nineteenth century, artists were primarily concerned with ideas of truth 
and beauty. The aesthetic theorist John Ruskin, who championed what he 
saw as the 
naturalism of J. M. W. Turner, saw art's role as the communication by artifice 
of an essential truth that could only be found in nature.[59]

The definition and evaluation of art has become especially problematic since 
the 20th century. Richard Wollheim distinguishes three approaches to 
assessing the 
aesthetic value of art: the Realist, whereby aesthetic quality is an absolute 
value independent of any human view; the Objectivist, whereby it is also an 
absolute value, but is 
dependent on general human experience; and the Relativist position, 
whereby it is not an absolute value, but depends on, and varies with, the 
human experience of 
different humans.[60]

Arrival of Modernism

Composition II in Red, Blue, and Yellow (1930) by Piet Mondrian (Dutch, 
1872,1944)
The arrival of Modernism in the late nineteenth century lead to a radical 
break in the conception of the function of art,[61] and then again in the late 
twentieth century with 
the advent of postmodernism. Clement Greenberg's 1960 article "Modernist 
Painting" defines modern art as "the use of characteristic methods of a 
discipline to criticize 
the discipline itself".[62] Greenberg originally applied this idea to the 
Abstract Expressionist movement and used it as a way to understand and 
justify flat (non illusionistic) 
abstract painting:

Realistic, naturalistic art had dissembled the medium, using art to conceal 
art; modernism used art to call attention to art. The limitations that constitute 
the medium of 
painting,the flat surface, the shape of the support, the properties of the 
pigment,,were treated by the Old Masters as negative factors that could be 
acknowledged only 
implicitly or indirectly. Under Modernism these same limitations came to be 
regarded as positive factors, and were acknowledged openly.[62]

After Greenberg, several important art theorists emerged, such as Michael 
Fried, T. J. Clark, Rosalind Krauss, Linda Nochlin and Griselda Pollock 
among others. Though 
only originally intended as a way of understanding a specific set of artists, 
Greenberg's definition of modern art is important to many of the ideas of art 
within the various 
art movements of the 20th century and early 21st century.

Pop artists like Andy Warhol became both noteworthy and influential through 
work including and possibly critiquing popular culture, as well as the art 
world. Artists of the 
1980s, 1990s, and 2000s expanded this technique of self criticism beyond 
high art to all cultural image making, including fashion images, comics, 
billboards and 
pornography.

Duchamp once proposed that art is any activity of any kind  everything. 
However, the way that only certain activities are classified today as art is a 
social construction.
[63] There is evidence that there may be an element of truth to this. The 
Invention of Art: A Cultural History is an art history book which examines the 
construction of the 
modern system of the arts i.e. Fine Art. Shiner finds evidence that the older 
system of the arts before our modern system (fine art) held art to be any 
skilled human activity 
i.e. Ancient Greek society did not possess the term art but techne. Techne 
can be understood neither as art or craft, the reason being that the 
distinctions of art and craft 
are historical products that came later on in human history. Techne included 
painting, sculpting and music but also; cooking, medicine, horsemanship, 
geometry, 
carpentry, prophecy and farming etc.

New Criticism and the "Intentional Fallacy"
Following Duchamp during the first half of the twentieth century, a significant 
shift to general aesthetic theory took place which attempted to apply 
aesthetic theory between 
various forms of art, including the literary arts and the visual arts, to each 
other. This resulted in the rise of the New Criticism school and debate 
concerning the intentional 
fallacy. At issue was the question of whether the aesthetic intentions of the 
artist in creating the work of art, whatever its specific form, should be 
associated with the 
criticism and evaluation of the final product of the work of art, or, if the work 
of art should be evaluated on its own merits independent of the intentions of 
the artist.

In 1946, William K. Wimsatt and Monroe Beardsley published a classic and 
controversial New Critical essay entitled "The Intentional Fallacy", in which 
they argued 
strongly against the relevance of an author's intention, or "intended 
meaning" in the analysis of a literary work. For Wimsatt and Beardsley, the 
words on the page were all 
that mattered; importation of meanings from outside the text was considered 
irrelevant, and potentially distracting.

In another essay, "The Affective Fallacy," which served as a kind of sister 
essay to "The Intentional Fallacy" Wimsatt and Beardsley also discounted 
the reader's 
personal/emotional reaction to a literary work as a valid means of analyzing a 
text. This fallacy would later be repudiated by theorists from the reader 
response school of 
literary theory. Ironically, one of the leading theorists from this school, 
Stanley Fish, was himself trained by New Critics. Fish criticizes Wimsatt and 
Beardsley in his 
essay "Literature in the Reader" (1970).[64]

As summarized by Gaut and Livingston in their essay "The Creation of Art": 
"Structuralist and post structuralists theorists and critics were sharply critical 
of many aspects 
of New Criticism, beginning with the emphasis on aesthetic appreciation and 
the so called autonomy of art, but they reiterated the attack on biographical 
criticisms's 
assumption that the artist's activities and experience were a privileged critical 
topic."[65] These authors contend that: "Anti intentionalists, such as 
formalists, hold that the 
intentions involved in the making of art are irrelevant or peripheral to 
correctly interpreting art. So details of the act of creating a work, though 
possibly of interest in 
themselves, have no bearing on the correct interpretation of the work."[66]

Gaut and Livingston define the intentionalists as distinct from formalists 
stating that: "Intentionalists, unlike formalists, hold that reference to 
intentions is essential in fixing 
the correct interpretation of works." They quote Richard Wollheim as stating 
that, "The task of criticism is the reconstruction of the creative process, 
where the creative 
process must in turn be thought of as something not stopping short of, but 
terminating on, the work of art itself."[66]

"Linguistic turn" and its debate
The end of the 20th century fostered an extensive debate known as the 
linguistic turn controversy, or the "innocent eye debate", and generally 
referred to as the 
structuralism poststructuralism debate in the philosophy of art. This debate 
discussed the encounter of the work of art as being determined by the 
relative extent to which 
the conceptual encounter with the work of art dominates over the perceptual 
encounter with the work of art.[67] Decisive for the linguistic turn debate in 
art history and the 
humanities were the works of yet another tradition, namely the structuralism 
of Ferdinand de Saussure and the ensuing movement of poststructuralism. 
In 1981, the artist 
Mark Tansey created a work of art titled "The Innocent Eye" as a criticism of 
the prevailing climate of disagreement in the philosophy of art during the 
closing decades of 
the 20th century. Influential theorists include Judith Butler, Luce Irigaray, 
Julia Kristeva, Michel Foucault and Jacques Derrida. The power of 
language, more specifically 
of certain rhetorical tropes, in art history and historical discourse was 
explored by Hayden White. The fact that language is not a transparent 
medium of thought had been 
stressed by a very different form of philosophy of language which originated 
in the works of Johann Georg Hamann and Wilhelm von Humboldt.[68] 
Ernst Gombrich and 
Nelson Goodman in his book Languages of Art: An Approach to a Theory of 
Symbols came to hold that the conceptual encounter with the work of art 
predominated 
exclusively over the perceptual and visual encounter with the work of art 
during the 1960s and 1970s.[69] He was challenged on the basis of 
research done by the Nobel 
prize winning psychologist Roger Sperry who maintained that the human 
visual encounter was not limited to concepts represented in language alone 
(the linguistic turn) 
and that other forms of psychological representations of the work of art were 
equally defensible and demonstrable. Sperry's view eventually prevailed by 
the end of the 
20th century with aesthetic philosophers such as Nick Zangwill strongly 
defending a return to moderate aesthetic formalism among other 
alternatives.[70]

Classification disputes
Main article: Classificatory disputes about art

The original Fountain by Marcel Duchamp, 1917, photographed by Alfred 
Stieglitz at the 291 after the 1917 Society of Independent Artists exhibit. 
Stieglitz used a 
backdrop of The Warriors by Marsden Hartley to photograph the urinal. The 
exhibition entry tag can be clearly seen.[71]
Disputes as to whether or not to classify something as a work of art are 
referred to as classificatory disputes about art.

Classificatory disputes in the 20th century have included cubist and 
impressionist paintings, Duchamp's Fountain, the movies, superlative 
imitations of banknotes, 
conceptual art, and video games.[72]

Philosopher David Novitz has argued that disagreement about the definition 
of art are rarely the heart of the problem. Rather, "the passionate concerns 
and interests that 
humans vest in their social life" are "so much a part of all classificatory 
disputes about art" (Novitz, 1996). According to Novitz, classificatory 
disputes are more often 
disputes about societal values and where society is trying to go than they 
are about theory proper. For example, when the Daily Mail criticized Hirst's 
and Emin's work by 
arguing "For 1,000 years art has been one of our great civilising forces. 
Today, pickled sheep and soiled beds threaten to make barbarians of us all" 
they are not 
advancing a definition or theory about art, but questioning the value of 
Hirst's and Emin's work.[73] In 1998, Arthur Danto, suggested a thought 
experiment showing that 
"the status of an artifact as work of art results from the ideas a culture 
applies to it, rather than its inherent physical or perceptible qualities. 
Cultural interpretation (an art 
theory of some kind) is therefore constitutive of an object's arthood."[74][75]

Anti art is a label for art that intentionally challenges the established 
parameters and values of art;[76] it is term associated with Dadaism and 
attributed to Marcel Duchamp 
just before World War I,[76] when he was making art from found objects.[76] 
One of these, Fountain (1917), an ordinary urinal, has achieved 
considerable prominence 
and influence on art.[76] Anti art is a feature of work by Situationist 
International,[77] the lo fi Mail art movement, and the Young British Artists,
[76] though it is a form still 
rejected by the Stuckists,[76] who describe themselves as anti anti art.[78]
[79]

Value judgment

Aboriginal hollow log tombs. National Gallery, Canberra, Australia
Somewhat in relation to the above, the word art is also used to apply 
judgments of value, as in such expressions as "that meal was a work of art" 
(the cook is an artist), or 
"the art of deception", (the highly attained level of skill of the deceiver is 
praised). It is this use of the word as a measure of high quality and high 
value that gives the term 
its flavor of subjectivity.

Making judgments of value requires a basis for criticism. At the simplest 
level, a way to determine whether the impact of the object on the senses 
meets the criteria to be 
considered art is whether it is perceived to be attractive or repulsive. Though 
perception is always colored by experience, and is necessarily subjective, it 
is commonly 
understood that what is not somehow aesthetically satisfying cannot be art. 
However, "good" art is not always or even regularly aesthetically appealing 
to a majority of 
viewers. In other words, an artist's prime motivation need not be the pursuit 
of the aesthetic. Also, art often depicts terrible images made for social, 
moral, or thought 
provoking reasons. For example, Francisco Goya's painting depicting the 
Spanish shootings of 3rd of May 1808 is a graphic depiction of a firing squad 
executing several 
pleading civilians. Yet at the same time, the horrific imagery demonstrates 
Goya's keen artistic ability in composition and execution and produces fitting 
social and political 
outrage. Thus, the debate continues as to what mode of aesthetic 
satisfaction, if any, is required to define 'art'.

The assumption of new values or the rebellion against accepted notions of 
what is aesthetically superior need not occur concurrently with a complete 
abandonment of the 
pursuit of what is aesthetically appealing. Indeed, the reverse is often true, 
that the revision of what is popularly conceived of as being aesthetically 
appealing allows for a 
re invigoration of aesthetic sensibility, and a new appreciation for the 
standards of art itself. Countless schools have proposed their own ways to 
define quality, yet they all 
seem to agree in at least one point: once their aesthetic choices are 
accepted, the value of the work of art is determined by its capacity to 
transcend the limits of its 
chosen medium to strike some universal chord by the rarity of the skill of the 
artist or in its accurate reflection in what is termed the zeitgeist.

Art is often intended to appeal to and connect with human emotion. It can 
arouse aesthetic or moral feelings, and can be understood as a way of 
communicating these 
feelings. Artists express something so that their audience is aroused to some 
extent, but they do not have to do so consciously. Art may be considered an 
exploration of 
the human condition; that is, what it is to be human.[80]
An art movement is a tendency or style in art with a specific common 
philosophy or goal, followed by a group of artists during a restricted period 
of time, (usually a few 
months, years or decades) or, at least, with the heyday of the movement 
defined within a number of years. Art movements were especially important 
in modern art, when 
each consecutive movement was considered as a new avant garde.Concept
[edit]
According to theories associated with modernism and the concept of 
postmodernism, art movements are especially important during the period of 
time corresponding to 
modern art.[1] The period of time called "modern art" is posited to have 
changed approximately half way through the 20th century and art made 
afterward is generally 
called contemporary art. Postmodernism in visual art begins and functions 
as a parallel to late modernism[2] and refers to that period after the 
"modern" period called 
contemporary art.[3] The postmodern period began during late modernism 
(which is a contemporary continuation of modernism), and according to 
some theorists 
postmodernism ended in the 21st century.[4][5] During the period of time 
corresponding to "modern art" each consecutive movement was often 
considered a new avant 
garde.[4]

Also during the period of time referred to as "modern art" each movement 
was seen corresponding to a somewhat grandiose rethinking of all that came 
before it, 
concerning the visual arts. Generally there was a commonality of visual style 
linking the works and artists included in an art movement. Verbal expression 
and explanation 
of movements has come from the artists themselves, sometimes in the form 
of an art manifesto,[6][7] and sometimes from art critics and others who may 
explain their 
understanding of the meaning of the new art then being produced.

In the visual arts, many artists, theorists, art critics, art collectors, art dealers 
and others mindful of the unbroken continuation of modernism and the 
continuation of 
modern art even into the contemporary era, ascribe to and welcome new 
philosophies of art as they appear.[8][9] Postmodernist theorists posit that 
the idea of art 
movements are no longer as applicable, or no longer as discernible, as the 
notion of art movements had been before the postmodern era.[10][11] There 
are many theorists 
however who doubt as to whether or not such an era was actually a fact;[4] 
or just a passing fad.[5][12]

The term refers to tendencies in visual art, novel ideas and architecture, and 
sometimes literature. In music it is more common to speak about genres and 
styles instead. 
See also cultural movement, a term with a broader connotation.

As the names of many art movements use the  ism suffix (for example 
cubism and futurism), they are sometimes referred to as isms.

19th  and 20th century art movements[edit]
19th century[edit]

Jacques Louis David, The Coronation of Napoleon, (1806), Mus e du Louvre, 
History painting
 

Eug ne Delacroix, Liberty Leading the People 1830, Romanticism
 

Thomas Cole, The Course of Empire: The Savage State 1836, Hudson River 
School
 

Gustave Courbet, Stone Breakers, 1849, Realist School
 

Jean Baptiste Camille Corot, c. 1867, Ville d'Avray National Gallery of Art, 
Washington, DC, Barbizon School[13]
 

Claude Monet, Haystacks, (sunset), 1890 1891, Museum of Fine Arts, 
Boston, Impressionism
 

Vincent van Gogh, The Starry Night, 1889, Post Impressionism
 

Edvard Munch, 1893, early example of Expressionism
Academic, c. 16th century 20th century
Aesthetic Movement
American Barbizon school
American Impressionism
Amsterdam Impressionism
Art Nouveau, c. 1890 1910
Arts and Crafts Movement, founded 1860s
Barbizon school, c. 1830s 1870s
Biedermeier, c. 1815 1848
Cloisonnism, c. 1888 1900s (decade)
Danish Golden Age
Decadent movement
Divisionism, c. 1880s 1910s
D sseldorf School
Etching revival
Expressionism, c. 1890s 1930s
German Romanticism, c. 1790s 1850s
Gr nderzeit
Hague School, c. 1860s 1890s
Heidelberg School, c. 1880s 1900s (decade)
History painting, c. 15th century 20th century
Hoosier Group
Hudson River School, c. 1820s 1900s (decade)
Impressionism, c. 1860s 1920s
Incoherents, c. 1882 1890s
Jugendstil
Les Nabis, c. 1890s 1900s (decade)
Les Vingt
Luminism
Lyon School
Macchiaioli c. 1850s 1900s (decade)
Mir iskusstva, founded 1898
Modernism, c. 1860s ongoing
Naturalism
Nazarene, c. 1810s 1830
Neo Classicism, c. 1780s 1900s (decade)
Neo impressionism, c. 1880s 1910s
Norwegian romantic nationalism, c. 1840 1867
Norwich School, founded 1803
Orientalism
Peredvizhniki
Pointillism, c. 1880s 1910s
Pont Aven School, c. 1850s 1890s
Post Impressionism, c. 1880s 1900s (decade)
Pre Raphaelite Brotherhood
Realism, c. 1850s 1900s (decade)
Realism, c. 1850s 1900s (decade)
Romanticism, c. 1750s 1890s
Secession Groups, c. 1890s 1910s
Society of American Artists, c. 1877 1906
Spanish Eclecticism, c. 1845 1890s
Symbolism
Synthetism, c. 1877 1900s (decade)
Tonalism, c. 1880 1915
Vienna Secession, founded 1897
White Mountain art, c. 1820s 1870s
20th century[edit]
1900 1918[edit]

Wassily Kandinsky, 1903, Der Blaue Reiter 21.1 cm   54.6 cm (8.3 in   21.5 
in)
 

Pablo Picasso, Family of Saltimbanques, 1905, Picasso's Rose Period
 

Henri Matisse 1905, Fauvism
 

Pablo Picasso 1907, Proto Cubism
 

Georges Braque 1910, Analytic Cubism
 

Piet Mondrian, 1912, early De Stijl
 

Kazimir Malevich, (Supremus No. 58), Museum of Art, 1916, Suprematism
 

Marcel Duchamp, Fountain, 1917, photograph by Alfred Stieglitz, Dada
Academic, c. 1900s (decade) ongoing
American realism, c. 1890s 1920s
Analytic Cubism, c. 1909 1912
Art Deco, c. 1920s 1940s
Ashcan School, c. 1890s 1920s
Berliner Sezession, founded 1898
Bloomsbury Group, c. 1900s (decade) 1960s
Camden Town Group, c. 1911 1913
Constructivism, c. 1920 1922, 1920s 1940s
Cubism, c. 1906 1919
Cubo Futurism, c. 1912 1918
Czech Cubism, c. 1910 1914
Dada, c. 1916 1922
Der Blaue Reiter, c. 1911 1914
De Stijl, c. 1917 1931
Deutscher Werkbund, founded 1907
Die Br cke, founded 1905
Expressionism c. 1890s 1930s
Fauvism, c. 1900 1910
Futurism, c. 1909 1916
German Expressionism, c. 1913 1930
Group of Seven (Canada), c. 1913 1930s
Jack of Diamonds, founded 1909
Luminism (Impressionism), c. 1900s (decade) 1930s
Modernism, c. 1860s ongoing
Neo Classicism, c. 1900s (decade) ongoing
Neo primitivism, from 1913
Neue K nstlervereinigung M nchen
Novembergruppe, founded 1918
Objective Abstraction, c. 1933 1936
Orphism, c. 1910 1913
Photo Secession, founded c. 1902
Picasso's Blue Period, c. 1901 1904
Picasso's Rose Period, c. 1904 1906
Picasso's African Period, 1906 1909
Pittura Metafisica, c. 1911 1920
Proto Cubism, c. 1906 1908
Purism, c. 1917 1930s
Rayonism
Section d'Or, c. 1912 1914
Suprematism, formed c. 1915 1916
Synchromism, founded 1912
Synthetic Cubism, c. 1912 1919
The Eight, c. 1909 1918
The Ten, c. 1897 1920
Vorticism, founded 1914
1918 1945[edit]

Theo van Doesburg, Composition XX, 1920, De Stijl
 

Max Ernst, The Elephant Celebes (1921), Tate, Surrealism
 

Charles Demuth, I Saw the Figure 5 in Gold, 1928, Metropolitan Museum of 
Art, Precisionism
 

Grant Wood, American Gothic, 1930, Social Realism
American Scene painting, c. 1920s 1950s
Arbeitsrat f r Kunst
Art Deco
Bauhaus, c. 1919 1933
Concrete art
Der Ring
De Stijl, c. 1917 1931
Ecole de Paris
Geometric abstraction
Gruppo 7
International Style, c. 1920s 1970s
Kapists, c. 1930s
Magic Realism
Neo Romanticism
Neue Sachlichkeit
Novecento Italiano
Novembergruppe, founded 1918
Precisionism, c. 1918 1940s
Regionalism (art), c. 1930s 1940s
Return to order, 1918 1922
Scuola Romana, c. 1928 1945
Social Realism, c. 1920s 1960s
Socialist Realism
Surrealism, c. 1920s 1960s
1940 1965[edit]

Arshile Gorky, The Liver is the Cock's Comb (1944), oil on canvas, 731 4   
98" (186   249 cm) Albright Knox Art Gallery, Buffalo, New York. Gorky was 
an Armenian born 
American painter who had a seminal influence on Abstract Expressionism. 
De Kooning said: "I met a lot of artists , but then I met Gorky... He had an 
extraordinary gift 
for hitting the nail on the head; remarkable. So I immediately attached 
myself to him and we became very good friends."[14]
Abstract expressionism
Action painting
Arte Povera
Art Informel
Assemblage
Beatnik art
Chicago Imagists
CoBrA, c. 1948 1951
Color Field painting
Combine painting
De collage
Fluxus
Happening
Hard Edge Painting
Kinetic Art
Kitchen Sink School
Lettrism
Lyrical abstraction
Neo Dada
New Brutalism
Northwest School
Nouveau R alisme
Op Art
Organic abstraction
Outsider Art
Panic Movement
Pop Art
Post painterly abstraction
Public art
Retro art
Serial art
Shaped canvas
Situationist International
Tachism
Video art
1965 2000[edit]
Abstract Illusionism
Appropriation
Arte Povera
Art Photography
Body Art
Classical Realism
Conceptual Art
Dogme 95
Earth Art
Figuration Libre
Funk art
Graffiti art
Hyperrealism
Installation art
Internet Art
Land art
Late modernism
Light and Space
Lowbrow
Lyrical Abstraction
Massurrealism
Minimalism
Neo Expressionism
Neo figurative
Neo pop
Performance Art
Postminimalism
Postmodernism
Photorealism
Psychedelic art
Relational art
Site specific art
Sound Art
Steampunk
Transavanguardia
Young British Artists
21st century[edit]
Algorithmic art
Altermodernism
Computer art
Computer graphics
Digital art
Electronic Art
Environmental art
Excessivism
Intentism
Internet art
Intervention art
Maximalism
Metamodernism
Neo minimalism
New Media Art
Post postmodernism
Relational art
Remodernism
SoFlo Superflat
Stuckism International
Superflat
Superstroke
Transgressive art
Virtual art
See also[edit]
List of art movements
Post expressionism
20th century Western painting
Western art history
art periods
Modern art includes artistic work produced during the period extending 
roughly from the 1860s to the 1970s, and denotes the style and philosophy 
of the art produced 
during that era.[1] The term is usually associated with art in which the 
traditions of the past have been thrown aside in a spirit of experimentation.
[2] Modern artists 
experimented with new ways of seeing and with fresh ideas about the nature 
of materials and functions of art. A tendency away from the narrative, which 
was 
characteristic for the traditional arts, toward abstraction is characteristic of 
much modern art. More recent artistic production is often called 
contemporary art or 
postmodern art.

Modern art begins with the heritage of painters like Vincent van Gogh, Paul 
C zanne, Paul Gauguin, Georges Seurat and Henri de Toulouse  Lautrec all 
of whom were 
essential for the development of modern art. At the beginning of the 20th 
century Henri Matisse and several other young artists including the pre  
cubists Georges Braque, 
Andr  Derain, Raoul Dufy, Jean Metzinger and Maurice de Vlaminck 
revolutionized the Paris art world with "wild", multi  colored, expressive 
landscapes and figure 
paintings that the critics called Fauvism. Henri Matisse's two versions of The 
Dance signified a key point in his career and in the development of modern 
painting.[3] It 
reflected Matisse's incipient fascination with primitive art: the intense warm 
color of the figures against the cool blue  green background and the 
rhythmical succession of 
the dancing nudes convey the feelings of emotional liberation and 
hedonism.

Initially influenced by Toulouse  Lautrec, Gauguin and other late 19th 
century innovators, Pablo Picasso made his first cubist paintings based on C 
zanne's idea that all 
depiction of nature can be reduced to three solids: cube, sphere and cone. 
With the painting Les Demoiselles d'Avignon (1907), Picasso dramatically 
created a new and 
radical picture depicting a raw and primitive brothel scene with five 
prostitutes, violently painted women, reminiscent of African tribal masks and 
his own new Cubist 
inventions. Analytic cubism was jointly developed by Pablo Picasso and 
Georges Braque, exemplified by Violin and Candlestick, Paris, from about 
1908 through 1912. 
Analytic cubism, the first clear manifestation of cubism, was followed by 
Synthetic cubism, practiced by Braque, Picasso, Fernand L ger, Juan Gris, 
Albert Gleizes, 
Marcel Duchamp and several other artists into the 1920s. Synthetic cubism 
is characterized by the introduction of different textures, surfaces, collage 
elements, papier 
coll  and a large variety of merged subject matter.Roots in the 19th century
[edit]
Multi  colored portrait of a far eastern cortesan with elaborate hair 
ornamentation, colorful robelike garment, and a border depicting marshland 
waters and reeds.
Vincent van Gogh, Courtesan (after Eisen) (1887), Van Gogh Museum
Portrait of a tree with blossoms and with far eastern alphabet letters both in 
the portrait and along the left and right borders.
Vincent van Gogh, The Blooming Plumtree (after Hiroshige) (1887), Van 
Gogh Museum
Portrait of a man of a bearded man facing forward, holding his own hands in 
his lap; wearing a hat, blue coat, beige collared shirt and brown pants; 
sitting in front of a 
background with various tiles of far eastern and nature themed art.
Vincent van Gogh, Portrait of P re Tanguy (1887), Mus e Rodin
Although modern sculpture and architecture are reckoned to have emerged 
at the end of the 19th century, the beginnings of modern painting can be 
located earlier.[5] 
The date perhaps most commonly identified as marking the birth of modern 
art is 1863,[6] the year that  douard Manet showed his painting Le d jeuner 
sur l'herbe in the 
Salon des Refus s in Paris. Earlier dates have also been proposed, among 
them 1855 (the year Gustave Courbet exhibited The Artist's Studio) and 1784 
(the year 
Jacques  Louis David completed his painting The Oath of the Horatii).[6] In 
the words of art historian H. Harvard Arnason: "Each of these dates has 
significance for the 
development of modern art, but none categorically marks a completely new 
beginning .... A gradual metamorphosis took place in the course of a 
hundred years."[6]

The strands of thought that eventually led to modern art can be traced back 
to the Enlightenment, and even to the 17th century.[7] The important 
modern art critic Clement 
Greenberg, for instance, called Immanuel Kant "the first real Modernist" but 
also drew a distinction: "The Enlightenment criticized from the outside ... . 
Modernism 
criticizes from the inside."[8] The French Revolution of 1789 uprooted 
assumptions and institutions that had for centuries been accepted with little 
question and 
accustomed the public to vigorous political and social debate. This gave rise 
to what art historian Ernst Gombrich called a "self  consciousness that made 
people select the 
style of their building as one selects the pattern of a wallpaper."[9]

The pioneers of modern art were Romantics, Realists and Impressionists.[10] 
By the late 19th century, additional movements which were to be influential 
in modern art had 
begun to emerge: post  Impressionism as well as Symbolism.

Influences upon these movements were varied: from exposure to Eastern 
decorative arts, particularly Japanese printmaking, to the coloristic 
innovations of Turner and 
Delacroix, to a search for more realism in the depiction of common life, as 
found in the work of painters such as Jean  Fran ois Millet. The advocates of 
realism stood 
against the idealism of the tradition  bound academic art that enjoyed public 
and official favor.[11] The most successful painters of the day worked either 
through 
commissions or through large public exhibitions of their own work. There 
were official, government  sponsored painters' unions, while governments 
regularly held public 
exhibitions of new fine and decorative arts.

The Impressionists argued that people do not see objects but only the light 
which they reflect, and therefore painters should paint in natural light (en 
plein air) rather than 
in studios and should capture the effects of light in their work.[12] 
Impressionist artists formed a group, Soci t  Anonyme Coop rative des 
Artistes Peintres, Sculpteurs, 
Graveurs ("Association of Painters, Sculptors, and Engravers") which, 
despite internal tensions, mounted a series of independent exhibitions.[13] 
The style was adopted 
by artists in different nations, in preference to a "national" style. These 
factors established the view that it was a "movement". These 
traits,establishment of a working 
method integral to the art, establishment of a movement or visible active core 
of support, and international adoption,would be repeated by artistic 
movements in the Modern 
period in art.

Early 20th century[edit]

Pablo Picasso Les Demoiselles d'Avignon 1907, Museum of Modern Art, New 
York

Henri Matisse, The Dance I, 1909, Museum of Modern Art, New York
Among the movements which flowered in the first decade of the 20th century 
were Fauvism, Cubism, Expressionism, and Futurism.

During the years between 1910 and the end of World War I and after the 
heyday of cubism, several movements emerged in Paris. Giorgio de Chirico 
moved to Paris in 
July 1911, where he joined his brother Andrea (the poet and painter known 
as Alberto Savinio). Through his brother he met Pierre Laprade, a member of 
the jury at the 
Salon d'Automne where he exhibited three of his dreamlike works: Enigma of 
the Oracle, Enigma of an Afternoon and Self  Portrait. During 1913 he 
exhibited his work at 
the Salon des Ind pendants and Salon d  Automne, and his work was 
noticed by Pablo Picasso, Guillaume Apollinaire, and several others. His 
compelling and mysterious 
paintings are considered instrumental to the early beginnings of Surrealism. 
Song of Love (1914) is one of the most famous works by de Chirico and is an 
early example 
of the surrealist style, though it was painted ten years before the movement 
was "founded" by Andr  Breton in 1924.

World War I brought an end to this phase but indicated the beginning of a 
number of anti  art movements, such as Dada, including the work of Marcel 
Duchamp, and of 
Surrealism. Artist groups like de Stijl and Bauhaus developed new ideas 
about the interrelation of the arts, architecture, design, and art education.

Modern art was introduced to the United States with the Armory Show in 
1913 and through European artists who moved to the U.S. during World War 
I.

After World War II[edit]
It was only after World War II, however, that the U.S. became the focal point 
of new artistic movements.[14] The 1950s and 1960s saw the emergence of 
Abstract 
Expressionism, Color field painting, Pop art, Op art, Hard  edge painting, 
Minimal art, Lyrical Abstraction, Fluxus, Happening, Video art, 
Postminimalism, Photorealism and 
various other movements. In the late 1960s and the 1970s, Land art, 
Performance art, Conceptual art, and other new art forms had attracted the 
attention of curators and 
critics, at the expense of more traditional media.[15] Larger installations and 
performances became widespread.

By the end of the 1970s, when cultural critics began speaking of "the end of 
painting" (the title of a provocative essay written in 1981 by Douglas Crimp), 
new media art 
had become a category in itself, with a growing number of artists 
experimenting with technological means such as video art.[16] Painting 
assumed renewed importance in 
the 1980s and 1990s, as evidenced by the rise of neo  expressionism and 
the revival of figurative painting.[17]

Towards the end of the 20th century, a number of artists and architects 
started questioning the idea of "the modern" and created typically 
Postmodern works.[18]

Art movements and artist groups[edit]
(Roughly chronological with representative artists listed.)

19th century[edit]
Romanticism and the Romantic movement   Francisco de Goya, J. M. W. 
Turner, Eug ne Delacroix
Realism   Gustave Courbet, Camille Corot, Jean  Fran ois Millet, Rosa 
Bonheur
Impressionism   Fr d ric Bazille, Gustave Caillebotte, Mary Cassatt, Edgar 
Degas, Armand Guillaumin,  douard Manet, Claude Monet, Berthe Morisot, 
Pierre  Auguste 
Renoir, Camille Pissarro, Alfred Sisley
Post  impressionism   Georges Seurat, Paul C zanne, Paul Gauguin, Vincent 
van Gogh, Henri de Toulouse  Lautrec, Henri Rousseau, Henri  Jean 
Guillaume Martin, Albert 
Lebourg, Robert Antoine Pinchon
Symbolism   Gustave Moreau, Odilon Redon, Edvard Munch, James 
Whistler, James Ensor
Les Nabis   Pierre Bonnard,  douard Vuillard, F lix Vallotton, Maurice Denis, 
Paul Serusier
Art Nouveau and variants   Jugendstil, Modern Style, Modernisme   Aubrey 
Beardsley, Alphonse Mucha, Gustav Klimt,
Art Nouveau architecture and design   Antoni Gaud , Otto Wagner, Wiener 
Werkst tte, Josef Hoffmann, Adolf Loos, Koloman Moser
Divisionism   Jean Metzinger, Robert Delaunay, Paul Signac, Henri  Edmond 
Cross
Early Modernist sculptors   Aristide Maillol, Auguste Rodin
Early 20th century (before World War I)[edit]
Abstract art   Francis Picabia, Wassily Kandinsky, Franti ek Kupka, Robert 
Delaunay, L opold Survage, Piet Mondrian
Fauvism   Andr  Derain, Henri Matisse, Maurice de Vlaminck, Georges 
Braque
Expressionism and related   Die Br cke, Der Blaue Reiter    Ernst Ludwig 
Kirchner, Wassily Kandinsky, Franz Marc, Egon Schiele, Oskar Kokoschka, 
Emil Nolde, Axel 
T rneman, Karl Schmidt  Rottluff, Max Pechstein
Futurism   Giacomo Balla, Umberto Boccioni, Carlo Carr , Gino Severini, 
Natalia Goncharova, Mikhail Larionov
Cubism   Pablo Picasso, Georges Braque, Jean Metzinger, Albert Gleizes, 
Fernand L ger, Robert Delaunay, Henri Le Fauconnier, Marcel Duchamp, 
Jacques Villon, 
Francis Picabia, Juan Gris
Sculpture   Pablo Picasso, Henri Matisse, Constantin Br ncu i, Joseph 
Csaky, Alexander Archipenko, Raymond Duchamp  Villon, Jacques Lipchitz, 
Ossip Zadkine
Orphism   Robert Delaunay, Sonia Delaunay, Franti ek Kupka
Photography   Pictorialism, Straight photography
Suprematism   Kasimir Malevich, Alexander Rodchenko, El Lissitzky
Synchromism   Stanton MacDonald  Wright, Morgan Russell
Vorticism   Wyndham Lewis
Dada   Jean Arp, Marcel Duchamp, Max Ernst, Francis Picabia, Kurt 
Schwitters
World War I to World War II[edit]
Pittura Metafisica   Giorgio de Chirico, Carlo Carr , Giorgio Morandi
De Stijl   Theo van Doesburg, Piet Mondrian
Expressionism   Egon Schiele, Amedeo Modigliani, Chaim Soutine
New Objectivity   Max Beckmann, Otto Dix, George Grosz
Figurative painting   Henri Matisse, Pierre Bonnard
American Modernism   Stuart Davis, Arthur G. Dove, Marsden Hartley, 
Georgia O'Keeffe
Constructivism   Naum Gabo, Gustav Klutsis, L szl  Moholy  Nagy, El 
Lissitzky, Kasimir Malevich, Vadim Meller, Alexander Rodchenko, Vladimir 
Tatlin
Surrealism   Marc Chagall, Ren  Magritte, Jean Arp, Salvador Dal , Max 
Ernst, Giorgio de Chirico, Andr  Masson, Joan Mir 
Bauhaus   Wassily Kandinsky, Paul Klee, Josef Albers
Sculpture   Alexander Calder, Alberto Giacometti, Gaston Lachaise, Henry 
Moore, Pablo Picasso, Julio Gonzalez
Scottish Colourists   Francis Cadell, Samuel Peploe, Leslie Hunter, John 
Duncan Fergusson
Suprematism   Kazimir Malevich, Aleksandra Ekster, Olga Rozanova, 
Nadezhda Udaltsova, Ivan Kliun, Lyubov Popova, Nikolai Suetin, Nina Genke 
 Meller, Ivan Puni, 
Ksenia Boguslavskaya
Precisionism   Charles Sheeler, Charles Demuth
After World War II[edit]
Figuratifs   Bernard Buffet, Jean Carzou, Maurice Boitel, Daniel du 
Janerand, Claude  Max Lochu
Sculpture   Henry Moore, David Smith, Tony Smith, Alexander Calder, Isamu 
Noguchi,[19] Alberto Giacometti, Sir Anthony Caro, Jean Dubuffet, Isaac 
Witkin, Ren  Ich , 
Marino Marini, Louise Nevelson, Albert Vrana
Abstract expressionism   Willem de Kooning, Jackson Pollock, Hans 
Hofmann, Franz Kline, Robert Motherwell, Clyfford Still, Lee Krasner, Joan 
Mitchell
American Abstract Artists   Ilya Bolotowsky, Ibram Lassaw, Ad Reinhardt, 
Josef Albers, Burgoyne Diller
Art Brut   Adolf W lfli, August Natterer, Ferdinand Cheval, Madge Gill, Paul 
Salvator Goldengreen
Arte Povera   Jannis Kounellis, Luciano Fabro, Mario Merz, Piero Manzoni, 
Alighiero Boetti
Color field painting   Barnett Newman, Mark Rothko, Adolph Gottlieb, Sam 
Francis, Morris Louis, Kenneth Noland, Jules Olitski, Helen Frankenthaler
Tachisme   Jean Dubuffet, Pierre Soulages, Hans Hartung, Ludwig Merwart
COBRA   Pierre Alechinsky, Karel Appel, Asger Jorn
De  collage   Wolf Vostell, Mimmo Rotella
Neo  Dada   Robert Rauschenberg, Jasper Johns, John Chamberlain, 
Joseph Beuys, Lee Bontecou, Edward Kienholz
Figurative Expressionism    Larry Rivers, Grace Hartigan, Elaine de Kooning, 
Robert De Niro, Sr., Lester Johnson, George McNeil, Earle M. Pilgrim, Jan M 
ller, Robert 
Beauchamp, Bob Thompson
Fluxus   George Maciunas, Joseph Beuys, Wolf Vostell, Nam June Paik, 
Daniel Spoerri, Dieter Roth, Carolee Schneeman, Alison Knowles, Charlotte 
Moorman, Dick 
Higgins
Happening   Allan Kaprow, Joseph Beuys, Wolf Vostell, Claes Oldenburg, 
Jim Dine, Red Grooms, Nam June Paik, Charlotte Moorman, Robert 
Whitman, Yoko Ono
Dau  al  Set   founded in Barcelona by poet/artist Joan Brossa,   Antoni T 
pies
Grupo El Paso   founded in Madrid by artists Antonio Saura, Pablo Serrano
Geometric abstraction   Wassily Kandinsky, Kazimir Malevich, Nadir Afonso, 
Manlio Rho, Mario Radice, Mino Argento
Hard  edge painting   John McLaughlin, Ellsworth Kelly, Frank Stella, Al 
Held, Ronald Davis
Kinetic art   George Rickey, Getulio Alviani
Land art   Christo, Richard Long, Robert Smithson, Michael Heizer
Les Automatistes   Claude Gauvreau, Jean  Paul Riopelle, Pierre Gauvreau, 
Fernand Leduc, Jean  Paul Mousseau, Marcelle Ferron
Minimal art   Sol LeWitt, Donald Judd, Dan Flavin, Richard Serra, Agnes 
Martin
Postminimalism   Eva Hesse, Bruce Nauman, Lynda Benglis
Lyrical abstraction   Ronnie Landfield, Sam Gilliam, Larry Zox, Dan 
Christensen, Natvar Bhavsar, Larry Poons
Neo  figurative art   Fernando Botero, Antonio Berni
Neo  expressionism   Georg Baselitz, Anselm Kiefer, J rg Immendorff, Jean  
Michel Basquiat
Transavanguardia   Francesco Clemente, Mimmo Paladino, Sandro Chia, 
Enzo Cucchi
Figuration libre   Herv  Di Rosa, Fran ois Boisrond, Robert Combas
New realism   Yves Klein, Pierre Restany, Arman
Op art   Victor Vasarely, Bridget Riley, Richard Anuszkiewicz, Jeffrey Steele
Outsider art   Howard Finster, Grandma Moses, Bob Justin
Photorealism   Audrey Flack, Chuck Close, Duane Hanson, Richard Estes, 
Malcolm Morley
Pop art   Richard Hamilton, Robert Indiana, Jasper Johns, Roy Lichtenstein, 
Robert Rauschenberg, Andy Warhol, Ed Ruscha, David Hockney
Postwar European figurative painting   Lucian Freud, Francis Bacon, Frank 
Auerbach, Gerhard Richter
New European Painting   Luc Tuymans, Marlene Dumas, Neo Rauch, 
Bracha Ettinger, Micha l Borremans, Chris Ofili
Shaped canvas   Frank Stella, Kenneth Noland, Ron Davis, Robert Mangold.
Soviet art   Aleksandr Deyneka, Aleksandr Gerasimov, Ilya Kabakov, Komar & 
Melamid, Alexandr Zhdanov, Leonid Sokov
Spatialism   Lucio Fontana
Video art   Nam June Paik, Wolf Vostell, Joseph Beuys, Bill Viola
Visionary art   Ernst Fuchs, Paul Laffoley, Michael BowenThe history of art is 
the history of any activity or product made by humans in a visual form for 
aesthetical or communicative purposes, expressing ideas, emotions or, in 
general, a worldview. Over time visual art has been classified in diverse 
ways, from the medieval distinction between liberal arts and mechanical arts, 
to the modern distinction between fine arts and applied arts, or to the many 
contemporary definitions, which define art as a manifestation of human 
creativity. The subsequent expansion of the list of principal arts in the 20th 
century reached to nine: architecture, dance, sculpture, music, painting, 
poetry (described broadly as a form of literature with aesthetic purpose or 
function, which also includes the distinct genres of theatre and narrative), 
film, photography and graphic arts. In addition to the old forms of artistic 
expression such as fashion and gastronomy, new modes of expression are 
being considered as arts such as video, computer art, performance, 
advertising, animation, television and videogames.

The history of art is a multidisciplinary branch of the arts and sciences, 
seeking an objective examination of art throughout time, classifying cultures, 
establishing periodizations, and observing the distinctive and influential 
characteristics of art.[1] The study of the history of art was initially developed 
during the Renaissance, with its limited scope being the artistic production of 
Western civilization. However, as time has passed, it has imposed a broader 
view of artistic history, seeking a comprehensive overview of all the 
civilizations and analysis of their artistic production in terms of their own 
cultural values (cultural relativism), and not just western art history.

Today, art enjoys a wide network of study, dissemination and preservation of 
all the artistic legacy of mankind throughout history. The 20th century has 
seen the proliferation of institutions, foundations, art museums and galleries, 
in both the public and private sectors, dedicated to the analysis and 
cataloging of works of art as well as exhibitions aimed at a mainstream 
audience. The rise of media has been crucial in improving the study and 
dissemination of art. International events and exhibitions like the Whitney 
Biennial and biennales of Venice and S o Paulo or the Documenta of Kassel 
have helped the development of new styles and trends. Prizes such as the 
Turner of the Tate Gallery, the Wolf Prize in Arts, the Pritzker Prize of 
architecture, the Pulitzer of photography and the Oscar of cinema also 
promote the best creative work on an international level. Institutions like 
UNESCO, with the establishment of the World Heritage Site lists, also help 
the conservation of the major monuments of the planet.[2]Historical 
development[edit]

The Sakyamuni Buddha, by Zhang Shengwen, c. 1173   1176 CE, Chinese 
Song Dynasty period
Main article: Art history   Historical development
The field of "art history" was developed in the West, and originally dealt 
exclusively with European art history, with the High Renaissance (and its 
Greek precedent) as the defining standard. Gradually, over the course of the 
20th century, a wider vision of art history has developed. This expanded 
version includes societies from across the globe, and it usually attempts to 
analyze artifacts in terms of the cultural values in which they were created. 
Thus, art history is now seen to encompass all visual art, from the megaliths 
of Western Europe to the paintings of the Tang Dynasty in China.

The history of art is often told as a chronology of masterpieces created in 
each civilization. It can thus be framed as a story of high culture, epitomized 
by the Wonders of the World. On the other hand, vernacular art expressions 
can also be integrated into art historical narratives, in which case they are 
usually referred to as folk arts or craft. The more closely that an art historian 
engages with these latter forms of low culture, the more likely it is that they 
will identify their work as examining visual culture or material culture, or as 
contributing to fields related to art history, such as anthropology or 
archeology. In the latter cases art objects may be referred to as 
archeological artifacts.

Prehistory and ancient history background[edit]
A useful way to examine how art history is organized is through the major 
survey textbooks, which reflect an encyclopedic view of great art. Frequently 
consulted textbooks published in English are Ernst Gombrich  s Story of Art, 
Marilyn Stokstad  s Art History, Anthony Janson  s History of Art, David 
Wilkins, Bernard Schultz, and Katheryn M. Linduff  s Art Past, Art Present, 
Helen Gardner  s Art Through the Ages, Hugh Honour and John Flemming  
s A World History of Art, and Laurie Schneider Adams  s Art Across Time. 
One of the best places to find information on canonical art history is the 
Heilbrunn Timeline of Art History, sponsored by the Metropolitan Museum of 
Art in New York.


Ludovisi Battle sarcophagus (250,260 CE), with battle between Roman 
soldiers and barbarians. The general may be Hostilian, Emperor Decius' son 
(died 252 CE).
Global Prehistory[edit]

Venus of Willendorf, Naturhistorisches Museum
Main article: Prehistoric art
The first tangible artifacts of human art are found from the Stone Age (Upper 
Paleolithic, Mesolithic and Neolithic), periods when the first demonstrations 
that can be considered art by humans, appear. During the Paleolithic (25000 
 8000 BCE), man practiced hunting and lived in caves, where cave painting 
was developed.[3] After a transitional period (Mesolithic, 8000 6000 BCE), in 
the Neolithic period (6000 3000 BCE), when man became sedentary and 
engaged in agriculture, with societies becoming increasingly complex and 
religion gaining importance, the production of handicrafts commenced. 
Finally, in the Bronze Age (c. 3000   1000 BCE), the first protohistoric 
civilizations arise.

Paleolithic[edit]
Main articles: Paleolithic art and List of Stone Age art
The Paleolithic had its first artistic manifestation on 25,000 BCE, reaching its 
peak in the Magdalenian period ( 15,000  8000 BCE). The first traces of man  
made objects appear in southern Africa, the Western Mediterranean, Central 
and Eastern Europe (Adriatic Sea), Siberia (Baikal Lake), India and Australia. 
These first traces are generally worked stone (flint, obsidian), wood or bone 
tools. To paint in red, iron oxide was used, in black, manganese oxide and in 
ochre, clay.[4] Surviving art from this period is small carvings in stone or 
bone and cave painting, this especially from in the Franco  Cantabrian 
region; there are pictures with magical  religious character and also pictures 
with a naturalistic sense, which depict animals, notably the caves of 
Altamira, Trois Fr res, Chauvet and Lascaux. Sculpture is represented by the 
so  called Venus figurines, feminine figures which were probably used in 
fertility cults, such as the Venus of Willendorf.[5] Other representative works 
of this period are the Man from Brno[6] and the Venus of Brassempouy.[7]

Neolithic[edit]
Main article: Neolithic

Cave painting at Roca dels Moros, in El Cogul
This period from c. 8000 BCE in the Near East was a profound change for 
the ancient man, who became sedentary and engaged in agriculture and 
animal husbandry, new forms of social coexistence and religion developed.
[8] The rock art of the Iberian Mediterranean Basin dated between Mesolithic 
and Neolithic contained small, schematic human and figures, with notable 
examples in El Cogul, Valltorta, Alpera and Minateda. This kind of painting 
was also similar in northern Africa (Atlas, Sahara) and in the area of modern 
Zimbabwe. Neolithic painting was schematic, reduced to basic strokes (man 
in the form of a cross and woman in a triangular shape). There are equally 
noteworthy cave paintings in Pinturas River in Argentina, especially the 
Cueva de las Manos. In portable art, the Cardium Pottery was produced, 
decorated with imprints of seashells. New materials were produced like 
amber, crystal of rock, quartz, jasper, etc. In this period there appear the first 
traces of urbanistic planimetry, noting the remains in Tell as  Sultan 
(Jericho), Jarmo (Iraq) and  atalh y k (Anatolia).[9]

Metal Age[edit]

Megalithic complex of Stonehenge
The last prehistoric phase is the Metal Age, as the use of elements such as 
copper, bronze and iron proved to be a great material transformation for 
these ancient societies. In the Chalcolithic (also called Copper Age) the 
Megalith emerged, monuments of stone, i.e. the dolmen and menhir or the 
English cromlech, as in the complexes at Newgrange and Stonehenge.[8] In 
Spain the Los Millares culture was formed, characterized by the Beaker 
culture and pictured human figures with big eyes. In Malta, noteworthy are 
the temple complexes of  a ar Qim, Mnajdra, Tarxien and  gantija. In the 
Balearic Islands notable megalithic cultures developed, with different types 
of monuments: the naveta, a tomb shaped like a truncated pyramid, with an 
elongated burial chamber; the taula, two large stones, one put vertically and 
the other horizontally above each other; and the talaiot, a tower with a 
covered chamber and a false dome.[10]

In the Iron Age the cultures of Hallstatt (Austria) and La Tene (Switzerland) 
mark the significant phases in Europe. The first was developed between the 
7th and 5th century BCE by the necropoleis with tumular tombs and a 
wooden burial chamber in the form of a house, often accompanied by a four  
wheel cart. The pottery was polychromic, with geometric decorations and 
applications of metallic ornaments. La Tene was developed between the 5th 
and 4th century BCE, and is more popularly known as early Celtic art. It 
produced many iron objects such as swords and spears, which have not 
survived well, but bronze continued to be used for highly decorated shields, 
fibulas, and other objects, with different stages of evolution of the style (La 
Tene I, II and III). Decoration was influenced by Greek, Etruscan and 
Scythian art.[11] In most of the continent conquest by the Roman Empire 
brought the style to an end.


Venus of Brassempouy, Mus e des Antiquit s Nationales, Saint  Germain  en  
Laye
 

Menhir in the region of Brittany (France)
 

Circular talaiot in the island of Mallorca (Spain)
 

Solar cart of Trundholm (Denmark)
Ancient Mediterranean Art[edit]

Splint on Flood myth, of the Epic of Gilgamesh
Main article: Ancient art
Art, in the first period of history, began with the invention of writing, founded 
by the great civilizations of Near East: Egypt and Mesopotamia. This period 
also differed from others because artistic manifestations occurred in every 
culture of all the continents. In this period appear the first great cities in the 
main big rivers: Nile, Tigris and Euphrates, Indus and Yellow River.

One of the great advances of this period was writing, generated primarily by 
the need to keep records of economical and commercial nature. The first 
writing code was the cuneiform script, which emerged in Mesopotamia c. 
3500 BCE, written on clay tablets. It was based on pictographic and 
ideographic elements, while later Sumerians developed syllables for writing, 
reflecting the phonology and syntax of the Sumerian language. In Egypt 
hieroglyphic writing was developed, with the first sample being the Narmer 
Palette (3100 BCE). The Hebrew language was one of the first languages to 
utilize the method of writing with an alphabet (Abjad, c. 1800 BCE), which 
relates a unique symbol for each phoneme; the Greek and the Latin 
alphabet derive from it.[12]

Mesopotamia[edit]
Main article: Mesopotamian art

Diorite Statue I, patesi of Lagash (2120 BCE), Louvre Museum, Paris
Mesopotamian art was developed in the area between Tigris and Euphrates 
(modern day Syria and Iraq), where from the 4th millennium BCE many 
different cultures existed such as Sumer, Akkad, Amorite, Chaldea, etc. 
Mesopotamian architecture was characterized by the use of brick, lintel and 
the introduction of construction elements like arc and vault. Notable are the 
ziggurats, large temples with the form of a terraced step pyramid, from 
which we have practically no traces left except their bases. The tomb was 
usually a corridor, with a covered chamber and a false dome, as in some 
examples found in Ur. There were also palaces walled with a terrace in the 
form of a ziggurat, giving great importance to gardens (the Hanging Gardens 
of Babylon is one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World).

Sculpture was developed through wood carving and relief and was used in 
religious, military and hunting scenes, depicting both human and animal 
figures, whether they were real or mythological. In the Sumerian period there 
were small statues of angular form, with colored stone, bald head and with 
hands on the chest. In the Akkadian period there were figures with long hair 
and beard, noting the stele of Naram  Sin. In the Amorite period (or 
Neosumerian) notable is the representation of king Gudea of Lagash, with 
his mantle and a turban on his head and his hands on the chest. During 
Babylonian rule famous is the stele of Hammurabi. Assyrian sculpture is 
notable for its anthropomorphism of cattle and the winged genie, which is 
seen flying in many reliefs depicting war and hunting scenes, as in the Black 
Obelisk of Shalmaneser III.[13]

With the advent of writing, arose literature as a means of expressing human 
creativity. The Sumerian literature is represented by the Epic of Gilgamesh, 
written in the 17th century BCE. In it were written thirty myths about the 
most important Sumerian and Akkadian deities, which are: Innanas descent 
to hell and the cycle of gods Enki and Tammuz. Another example of 
relevance is the poem Lugal ud melambi Nirpal (The hardship of Ninurta), 
whose content type is moral and didactic. During Akkadian period notable is 
Atrahasis, which includes the flood myth. In Babylonian literature notable is 
the poem En ma Eli , which describes the creation of the world.[14]

The music was developed in this region between 4th and 3rd millennium 
BCE, used in Sumerian temples, where priests sang hymns and psalms 
(ersemma) to the gods. The liturgic chant was composed of responsories 
song alternated between the priests and choir and antiphons song 
alternated between two choirs. They had several instruments like tigi (flute), 
balag (drum), lilis (predecessor of timpani), algar (lyre), zagsal (harp) and 
adapa (pandeiro).[15]

Egypt[edit]
Main article: Ancient Egyptian art

The pyramids of Giza
In Egypt arose one of the first great civilizations, with elaborate and complex 
works of art, which assume the professional specialization of the 
artist/craftsman. Its art was intensely religious and symbolic, with a highly 
centralized power structure and hierarchy, giving great importance to the 
religious concept of immortality, especially of the pharaoh, for whom were 
built great monuments. The Egyptian art spans from 3,000 BCE until the 
conquest of Egypt by Alexander the Great. However its influence persisted in 
the Coptic art and Byzantine art.

The architecture is characterized by its monumentality, achieved by the use 
of stones in large blocks, lintel and solid columns. Notable are the funerary 
monuments, with three main types: mastaba, tomb of rectangular form; 
pyramid, which can be a step pyramid (Saqqarah) or smooth sided (Giza); 
and the hypogeum, underground tomb (Valley of the Kings). The other great 
building is the temple, a monumental complex preceded by an avenue of 
sphinxes and obelisks, which give way to two pylons and trapezoid walls, a 
hypaethros, a hypostyle hall and a shrine. Notable are the temples of 
Karnak, Luxor, Philae and Edfu. Another type of temple is the rock temple, 
which has the form of a hypogeum, like in Abu Simbel and Deir el  Bahari.

Painting was characterized by the juxtaposition of overlapping planes. The 
images were represented hierarchically, i.e., the Pharaoh is larger than the 
subjects or enemies at his side. Egyptians painted the head and limbs in 
profile, while the shoulders and eyes in front. Applied arts were developed 
significantly in Egypt, in particular woodwork and metalwork, with superb 
examples like cedar furniture inlaid with ebony and ivory of the tombs at the 
Egyptian Museum, or the pieces found in Tutankhamun's tomb, which are of 
great artistic quality.[16]


Aurochs on a cave painting in Lascaux, France
Greece and Etruria[edit]
Greek and Etruscan artists built on the artistic foundations of Egypt, further 
developing the arts of sculpture, painting, architecture, and ceramics. The 
body became represented in a more representational manner, and 
patronage of art thrived, at this time.

Rome[edit]
Roman art is sometimes viewed as derived from Greek precedents, but also 
has its own distinguishing features. Roman sculpture is often less idealized 
than the Greek precedents. Roman architecture often used concrete, and 
the round arch and dome was invented at this time.

The encyclopedic view of the history of art[edit]
Although some of the books listed above attempt a global approach, they 
are universally strong in western art history. The books use representative 
examples from each era in order to create a story that blends changing 
styles with social history. The Western narrative begins with prehistoric art 
such as Stonehenge, before discussing the ancient world. The latter begins 
with Mesopotamia, then progresses to the art of Ancient Egypt, which then 
transitions to Classical antiquity. Classical art includes both Greek and 
Roman work.

Europe[edit]
This encyclopedia view of the history of art begins with a section on the 
European context in chronological sequence.

Medieval[edit]

The interior of the Hagia Sophia in Istanbul, Turkey
With the decline of the Roman Empire, the narrative shifts to Medieval art, 
which lasted for a millennium. Early Christian art begins the period, followed 
by Byzantine art, Anglo  Saxon art, Viking art, Ottonian art, Romanesque art 
and Gothic art, with Islamic art dominating the eastern Mediterranean and 
beyond. The Medieval era ended with the Renaissance, followed by 
Mannerism, the Baroque and Rococo. In Byzantine and Gothic art of the 
Middle Ages, the dominance of the church insisted on the expression of 
biblical truths. There was no need to depict the reality of the material world, 
in which man was born in a "state of sin", especially through the extensive 
use of gold in paintings, which also presented figures in idealised, patterned 
(i.e."flat") forms.

Renaissance and Baroque[edit]
The Renaissance is the return yet again to valuation of the material world, 
and this paradigm shift is reflected in art forms, which show the corporeality 
of the human body, and the three  dimensional reality of landscape. 
Although textbooks periodize Western art by movements, as described 
above, they also do so by century, especially in Italian art. Many art 
historians give a nod to the historical importance of Italian Renaissance and 
Baroque art by referring to centuries in which it was prominent with the 
Italian terms: trecento for the fourteenth century, quattrocento for the 
fifteenth, cinquecento for the sixteenth, seicento for the seventeenth, and 
settecento for the eighteenth.

Neoclassicalism to Realism[edit]
The 18th and 19th centuries included Neoclassicism, Romantic art, 
Academic art, and Realism in art. Art historians disagree when Modern art 
began, some tracing it as far back as Francisco Goya in the Napoleonic 
period, the mid  19th century with the industrial revolution or the late 19th 
century with the advent of Impressionism. The art movements of the late 
19th through the early 21st centuries are too numerous to detail here, but 
can be broadly divided into two categories: Modernism and Contemporary 
art. The latter is sometimes referred to with another term, which has a subtly 
different connotation, Postmodern art.

Modern and Contemporary[edit]
Main articles: Modern art and Contemporary art

Henri Matisse, 1905  06, Le bonheur de vivre, oil on canvas, 175 x 241 cm, 
Barnes Foundation
The physical and rational certainties of the clockwork universe depicted by 
the 18th  century Enlightenment were shattered not only by new discoveries 
of relativity by Einstein[17] and of unseen psychology by Sigmund Freud,
[18] but also by unprecedented technological development accelerated by 
the implosion of civilization in two world wars. The history of 20th  century art 
is a narrative of endless possibilities and the search for new standards, each 
being torn down in succession by the next. Thus the parameters of 
Impressionism, Expressionism, Fauvism, Cubism, Dadaism, Surrealism, and 
other art movements cannot be maintained as significant and culturally 
germane very much beyond the time of their invention. Increasing global 
interaction during this time saw an equivalent influence of other cultures into 
Western art, such as Pablo Picasso being influenced by Iberian sculpture, 
African sculpture and Primitivism. Japonism, and Japanese woodcuts (which 
had themselves been influenced by Western Renaissance draftsmanship) 
had an immense influence on Impressionism and subsequent artistic 
developments. The influential example set by Paul Gauguin's interest in 
Oceanic art and the sudden popularity among the cognoscenti in early 20th 
century Paris of newly discovered African fetish sculptures and other works 
from non  European cultures were taken up by Picasso, Henri Matisse, and 
by many of their colleagues.

Modernism, in its response to the idealistic 19th century search for truth, and 
the century's progress in general, gave way in the latter decades of the 20th 
century to a realization of that idealism's unattainability. Rapid advances in 
science and technology were accepted as an unavoidable truth, which led to 
the late Modern and Postmodern period. In these periods, cultures of the 
world and of history are seen as changing forms, which can be appreciated 
and drawn from with occasional irony. Furthermore, the separation of 
cultures had become increasingly blurred and it has become more 
appropriate to think in terms of a global culture, rather than regional 
cultures.

The Americas[edit]
Main articles: Native American art, Painting in the Americas before 
Colonization and Pre  Columbian art
The history of art in the Americas begins in pre  Columbian times with 
Indigenous cultures. Art historians have focused particularly closely on 
Mesoamerica during this early era, because a series of stratified cultures 
arose there that erected grand architecture and produced objects of fine 
workmanship that are comparable to the arts of western Europe. Among the 
widely read textbooks is one by Mary Ellen Miller titled The Art of 
Mesoamerica.

Preclassic[edit]
The art  making tradition of Mesoamerican people begins with the Olmec 
around 1400 BCE, during the Preclassic era. These people are best known 
for making colossal heads but also carved jade, erected monumental 
architecture, made small  scale sculpture, and designed mosaic floors. Two 
of the most well  studied sites artistically are San Lorenzo Tenochtitl n and 
La Venta. After the Olmec culture declined, the Maya civilization became 
prominent in the region. Sometimes a transitional Epi  Olmec period is 
described, which is a hybrid of Olmec and Maya. A particularly well  studied 
Epi  Olmec site is La Mojarra, which includes hieroglyphic carvings that have 
been partially deciphered.

Classic[edit]
By the Late pre  Classic era, beginning around 400 BCE, the Olmec culture 
had declined but both Central Mexican and Maya peoples were thriving. 
Throughout much of the Classic period in Central Mexico the city of 
Teotihuacan was thriving, as were Xochicalco and El Tajin. These sites 
boasted both grand sculpture and architecture. Other Central Mexican 
peoples included the Mixtecs, the Zapotecs, and people in the Valley of 
Oaxaca. Maya art was at its height during the  Classic  period a name that 
mirrors that of Classical European antiquity and which began around 200 
CE. Major Maya sites from this era include Copan where numerous stelae 
were carved in the round, and Quirigua where the largest stelae of 
Mesoamerica are located along with zoomorphic altars. A complex writing 
system was developed, and Maya illuminated manuscripts were produced in 
large numbers on paper made from tree bark. Although Maya cities have 
existed to the present day, several sites  collapsed  around 1000.

Postclassic[edit]
At the time of the Spanish conquest of Yucatn during the 16th and 17th 
centuries, the Maya were still powerful, but many communities were paying 
tribute to Aztec society. The latter culture was thriving, and it included arts 
such as sculpture, painting, and feather mosaic. Perhaps the most well  
known work of Aztec art is the calendar stone, which has become a national 
symbol of the state of Mexico. During the Spanish conquest of the Aztec 
Empire many of these artistic objects were sent to Europe, where they were 
placed in cabinets of curiosities, and later redistributed to art museums. The 
Aztec empire was based in the city of Tenochtitlan which was largely 
destroyed during the colonial era. What remains of it was buried beneath 
Mexico City. A few buildings, such as the foundation of the Templo Mayor 
have since been unearthed by archaeologists, but they are in poor condition.

Colonial[edit]
Art in the Americas since the conquest has been a mixture of indigenous and 
foreign traditions, including European, African, and Asian settlers. Thus, 
books about the visual arts of the United States, such as Francis Pohl  s 
Framing America, start with the conquest and reconstruct manifold 
traditions. Numerous indigenous traditions thrived after the conquest. For 
example, the Plains Indians created quillwork, beadwork, winter counts, 
ledger art, and tipis in the pre  reservation era, and afterwards became 
assimilated into the world of Modern and Contemporary art through 
institutions such as the Santa Fe Indian School which encouraged students 
to develop a unique Native American style. Many paintings from that school, 
now called the Studio Style, were exhibited at the Philbrook Museum of Art 
during its Indian annual held from 1946 to 1979.

Modern[edit]
Intertwined with this story of indigenous art, are movements of painting, 
sculpture, and architecture such as the Hudson River School and the 
Ashcan School of the 19th century, and Pop Art and Abstract Expressionism 
of the 20th. Some of the most celebrated images were produced by artists of 
the American West, featuring  Cowboys and Indians,  and some of the most 
visually complex objects were created by African Americans.

Western Asia[edit]
Main articles: Ancient art, Art of Ancient Egypt, Art and architecture of 
Assyria, Persian art, Scythian art, Islamic art and Byzantine Art
Religious Islamic art often forbids depictions of people, as they may be 
misused as idols. Religious ideas are thus often represented through 
geometric designs instead. However, there are many Islamic paintings which 
display religious themes and scenes of stories common among the three 
main monotheistic faiths of Islam, Christianity, and Judaism.

Central/Southern/Eastern Asian[edit]

The Great Wave off Kanagawa by Hokusai
Main article: Eastern art history
Eastern civilization broadly includes Asia, and it also includes a complex 
tradition of art making. One Eastern art history survey textbook is John 
Laplante  s Asian Art. It divides the field by nation, with units on India, China, 
and Japan.


Fresco from Ajanta caves, c. 450  500
Eastern art has generally worked in a style akin to Western medieval art, 
namely a concentration on surface patterning and local colour (meaning the 
plain colour of an object, such as basic red for a red robe, rather than the 
modulations of that colour brought about by light, shade and reflection). A 
characteristic of this style is that the local colour is often defined by an 
outline (a contemporary equivalent is the cartoon). This is evident in, for 
example, the art of India, Tibet and Japan.

Africa[edit]

One of many ancient Yoruba sculptures discovered at Ife
See also: Egyptian art, Art of ancient Egypt, African folk art and African tribal 
masks
The long story of African Art includes both high sculpture, perhaps typified 
by the brass castings of the Benin people, as well as folk art. In the ancient 
world, Egypt is often thought of as the greatest artistic culture of Africa, but it 
is also rivaled by Nubia, which was located in present  day Sudan. 
Concurrent with the European Middle Ages, in the eleventh century CE a 
nation that made grand architecture, gold sculpture, and intricate jewelry 
was founded in Great Zimbabwe. Impressive sculpture was concurrently 
being cast from brass by the Yoruba people of what is now Nigeria. Such a 
culture grew and was ultimately transformed to become the Benin Kingdom, 
where elegant altar tusks, brass heads, plaques of brass, and palatial 
architecture was created. The Benin Kingdom was ended by the British in 
1897, and little of the historical art now remains in Nigeria. Today, the most 
significant arts venue in Africa is the Johannesburg Biennale.

Oceania[edit]
Main article: Art of Oceania
The Art of Oceania includes the geographic areas of Micronesia, Polynesia, 
Australia, New Zealand, and Melanesia. Nicholas Thomas  s textbook 
Oceanic Art treats the area thematically, with essays on ancestry, warfare, 
the body, gender, trade, religion, and tourism. Unfortunately, little ancient art 
survives from Oceania. Scholars believe that this is likely because artists 
used perishable materials, such as wood and feathers, which did not survive 
in the tropical climate, and there are no historical records to refer to this most 
material. The understanding of Oceania's artistic cultures thus begins with 
the documentation of it by Westerners, such as Captain James Cook in the 
eighteenth century. At the turn of the twentieth century the French artist Paul 
Gauguin spent significant amounts of time in Tahiti, living with local people 
and making modern art a fact that has become intertwined with Tahitian 
visual culture to the present day. The indigenous art of Australia often looks 
like abstract modern art, but it has deep roots in local culture.

Art museums[edit]

The Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao, Spain
The experience of art history, as conveyed by art museums, tends to be 
organized differently from that of textbooks due to the nature of collections 
and the institutions themselves. Rather than a full march through time, 
museums employ curators who assemble objects into exhibitions, often with 
unique commentary that is later reinterpreted by docents. Because they 
have the responsibility to store objects, museums develop taxonomies for 
their collections, using conventions of classification authority for the sake of 
consistency. This may be undertaken with the museum  s archivist. The 
result is to occasionally find a strong emphasis on the history of media in 
conjunction with the history of culture.

Such an emphasis on media is a natural outgrowth of the internal 
classification systems used in art museums, which usually include 
departments of painting, sculpture, decorative arts, and works on paper. 
Painting itself includes several media, such as oil painting, Tempera 
painting, watercolor. Sculpture can be divided into carving and casting. The 
decorative arts are perhaps the most diverse, as they include: textiles and 
needlework, which includes weaving, lace, shibori, and other work with 
fabric; Murals, of which frescoes are one form; and objects of adornment 
such as silver, ceramics, lacquerware, stained glass, and furniture. 
Museums generally cannot collect full buildings, but they may acquire 
pieces of architectural ornamentation, which also fall under the decorative 
arts department. Works on paper includes printmaking, photography, and 
the book arts such as illuminated manuscripts. Museums may also include a 
department of applied arts, which includes objects of good design along 
with the graphic art, illustration, and other forms of commercial art.

Art market[edit]
The art market can also be used to understand what  counts  as part of art 
history. Art dealers and auctioneers organize material for distribution to 
collectors. Two of the largest, and oldest, art auction houses are Sotheby's 
and Christie's, and each hold frequent sales of great antiquities and art 
objects.

In addition to upstanding practices, a black market exists for great art, which 
is closely tied to art theft and art forgery. No auction houses or dealers admit 
openly to participating in the black market because of its illegality, but expos 
s suggest widespread problems in the field. Because demand for art objects 
is high, and security in many parts of the world is low, a thriving trade in illicit 
antiquities acquired through looting also exists. Although the art community 
nearly universally condemns looting because it results in destruction of 
archeological sites, looted art paradoxically remains omnipresent. Warfare is 
correlated with such looting, as is demonstrated by the recent archaeological 
looting in Iraq.

Nationalist art history[edit]
Both the making of art, the academic history of art, and the history of art 
museums are closely intertwined with the rise of nationalism. Art created in 
the modern era, in fact, has often been an attempt to generate feelings of 
national superiority or love of one  s country. Russian art is an especially 
good example of this, as the Russian avant  garde and later Soviet art were 
attempts to define that country  s identity.

Most art historians working today identify their specialty as the art of a 
particular culture and time period, and often such cultures are also nations. 
For example, someone might specialize in the 19th  century German or 
contemporary Chinese art history. A focus on nationhood has deep roots in 
the discipline. Indeed, Vasari's Lives of the Artists is an attempt to show the 
superiority of Florentine artistic culture, and Heinrich W lfflin's writings 
(especially his monograph on Albrecht D rer) attempt to distinguish Italian 
from German styles of art.

Many of the largest and most well  funded art museums of the world, such 
as the Louvre, the Victoria and Albert Museum, and the National Gallery of 
Art in Washington are state  owned. Most countries, indeed have a national 
gallery, with an explicit mission of preserving the cultural patrimony owned 
by the government regardless of what cultures created the art and an often 
implicit mission to bolster that country  s own cultural heritage. The National 
Gallery of Art thus showcases art made in the United States, but also owns 
objects from across the world.

Academic art history[edit]

Laoco n and his Sons, Greek, (Late Hellenistic), c. 160 BCE and 20 BCE, 
White marble, Vatican Museum
The study of the history of art is a relatively recent phenomenon; prior to the 
Renaissance, the modern concept of "art" did not exist. Over time, art 
historians have changed their views about what art is worthy of scrutiny. For 
example, during the early Victorian era, the 15th  century Italian artists were 
considered inferior to those of 16th  century High Renaissance. Such a 
notion was challenged by the Pre  Raphaelite movement. There has since 
been a trend, dominant in art history of the 21st century, to treat all cultures 
and periods neutrally. Thus, Australian Aboriginal art would not be deemed 
better or worse than Renaissance art it is just different. Art historical analysis 
has also evolved into studying the social and political use of art, rather than 
focusing solely on the aesthetic appreciation of its craftsmanship (beauty). 
What may once have been viewed simply as a masterpiece is now 
understood as an economic, social, philosophical, and cultural manifestation 
of the artist's world  view, philosophy, intentions and background.

Building
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
This article is about a man-made structure intended for human use or 
occupation. For the act of making buildings, see Construction. For structures 
not intended for human use, see Nonbuilding structure. For other uses, see 
Building (disambiguation).

The H tel de Ville, building in Paris, France

A Shaolin Monastery building in China
A building or edifice is a structure with a roof and walls standing more or less 
permanently in one place, such as a house or factory.[1] Buildings come in a 
variety of sizes, shapes and functions, and have been adapted throughout 
history for a wide number of factors, from building materials available, to 
weather conditions, to land prices, ground conditions, specific uses and 
aesthetic reasons. To better understand the term building compare the list of 
nonbuilding structures.

Buildings serve several needs of society   primarily as shelter from weather, 
security, living space, privacy, to store belongings, and to comfortably live 
and work. A building as a shelter represents a physical division of the human 
habitat (a place of comfort and safety) and the outside (a place that at times 
may be harsh and harmful).

Ever since the first cave paintings, buildings have also become objects or 
canvasess of artistic expression. In recent years, interest in sustainable 
planning and building practices has also become an intentional part of the 
design process of many new buildings.

Contents  [hide] 
1  Definitions
2 History
3 Types
3.1 Residential
3.2 Multi-storey
4 Creation
4.1 Ownership and funding
5 Building services
5.1 Physical plant
5.2 Conveying systems
6 Building damage
7 See also
8 References
9 External links
Definitions[edit]

A building and skybridge in Munich, Germany

The Rotunda in Hellerup, Denmark, a cylindric building made in steel frame 
and aluminum

Example of a religious building: the Great Mosque of Kairouan (also called 
the Mosque of Uqba), founded in 670, dates in its present state principally 
from the 9th century. The Great Mosque of Kairouan is located in the city of 
Kairouan, Tunisia.

Da Vinci building (at the left), in Mendoza, Argentina. Considered one of the 
1000 architectures of the Americas.
The word building is both a noun and a verb: the structure itself and the act 
of making it. As a noun, a building is 'a structure that has a roof and walls 
and stands more or less permanently in one place';[1] "there was a three-
storey building on the corner"; "it was an imposing edifice". In the broadest 
interpretation a fence or wall is a building[2] However, the word structure is 
used more broadly than building including natural and man-made 
formations[3] and does not necessarily have walls. Structure is more likely to 
be used for a fence. Sturgis' Dictionary included that "[building] differs from 
Architecture [sic] in excluding all idea of artistic treatment; and it differs from 
Construction [sic] in the idea of excluding scientific or highly skilful 
treatment."[4] As a verb, building is the act of construction.

Structural height in technical usage is the height to the highest architectural 
detail on building from street-level. Depending on how they are classified, 
spires and masts may or may not be included in this height. Spires and 
masts used as antennas are not generally included. The definition of a low-
rise vs. a high-rise building is a matter of debate, but generally three storeys 
or less is considered low-rise.[5]

History[edit]
See also: History of architecture
A report by Shinichi Fujimura of a shelter built 500 000 years ago[6] is 
doubtful since Fujimura was later found to have faked many of his findings.
[7] Supposed remains of huts found at the Terra Amata site in Nice 
purportedly dating from 200 000 to 400 000 years ago[8] have also been 
called into question. (See Terra Amata.) There is clear evidence of home-
building from around 18 000 BC.[9] Buildings became common during the 
Neolithic (see Neolithic architecture).

Types[edit]
Main article: List of building types

A timber-framed house in Marburg, Germany

A block of tenements (apartments) in Bruntsfield, Edinburgh, Scotland
Residential[edit]
Main article: List of human habitation forms
Single-family residential buildings are most often called houses or homes. 
Residential buildings containing more than one dwelling unit are called a 
duplex, apartment building to differentiate them from 'individual' houses. A 
condominium is an apartment that the occupant owns rather than rents. 
Houses may also be built in pairs (semi-detached), in terraces where all but 
two of the houses have others either side; apartments may be built round 
courtyards or as rectangular blocks surrounded by a piece of ground of 
varying sizes. Houses which were built as a single dwelling may later be 
divided into apartments or bedsitters; they may also be converted to another 
use e.g. an office or a shop.

Building types may range from huts to multi-million dollar high-rise 
apartment blocks able to house thousands of people. Increasing settlement 
density in buildings (and smaller distances between buildings) is usually a 
response to high ground prices resulting from many people wanting to live 
close to work or similar attractors. Other common building materials are 
brick, concrete or combinations of either of these with stone.

Residential buildings have different names for their use depending if they 
are seasonal include holiday cottage (vacation home) or timeshare; size 
such as a cottage or great house; value such as a shack or mansion; 
manner of construction such as a log home or mobile home; proximity to the 
ground such as earth sheltered house, stilt house, or tree house. Also if the 
residents are in need of special care such as a nursing home, orphanage or 
prison; or in group housing like barracks or dormitorys.

Historically many people lived in communal buildings called longhouses, 
smaller dwellings called pit-houses and houses combined with barns 
sometimes called housebarns.

Buildings are defined to be substantial, permanent structures so other 
dwelling forms such as houseboats, yurts, and motorhomes are dwellings 
but not buildings.

Multi-storey[edit]
A Multi-storey is a building that has multiple floors above ground in the 
building.

Multi-storey buildings aim to increase the floor area of the building without 
increasing the area of the land the building is built on, hence saving land 
and, in most cases, money (depending on material used and land prices in 
the area). The building with the most stories is the Burj Khalifa, with 162.

Creation[edit]
The practice of designing, constructing, and operating buildings is most 
usually a collective effort of different groups of professionals and trades. 
Depending on the size, complexity, and purpose of a particular building 
project, the project team may include:

A real estate developer who secures funding for the project;
One or more financial institutions or other investors that provide the funding
Local planning and code authorities
A Surveyor who performs an ALTA/ACSM and construction surveys 
throughout the project;
Construction managers who coordinate the effort of different groups of 
project participants;
Licensed architects and engineers who provide building design and prepare 
construction documents;
Landscape architects;
Interior designers;
Other consultants;
Contractors who provide construction services and install building systems 
such as climate control, electrical, plumbing, Decoration, fire protection, 
security and telecommunications;
Marketing or leasing agents;
Facility managers who are responsible for operating the building.
Regardless of their size or intended use, all buildings in the US must comply 
with zoning ordinances, building codes and other regulations such as fire 
codes, life safety codes and related standards.

Vehicles such as trailers, caravans, ships and passenger aircraft are treated 
as "buildings" for life safety purposes.

Ownership and funding[edit]
Mortgage loan
Real estate developer
Building services[edit]
Physical plant[edit]
Main article: Physical plant

The BB&T Building in Macon, Georgia is constructed of aluminum.
Any building requires a certain amount of internal infrastructure to function, 
which includes such elements like heating / cooling, power and 
telecommunications, water and wastewater etc. Especially in commercial 
buildings (such as offices or factories), these can be extremely intricate 
systems taking up large amounts of space (sometimes located in separate 
areas or double floors / false ceilings) and constitute a big part of the regular 
maintenance required.

Conveying systems[edit]
Systems for transport of people within buildings:

Elevator
Escalator
Moving sidewalk (horizontal and inclined)
Systems for transport of people between interconnected buildings:

Skyway
Underground city
Building damage[edit]

A building in Massueville, Quebec, Canada engulfed by fire
Buildings may be damaged during the construction of the building or during 
maintenance. There are several other reasons behind building damage like 
accidents[10] such as storms, explosions and subsidence caused by mining 
or poor foundations. Buildings also may suffer from fire damage and 
flooding in special circumstances. They may also become dilapidated 
through lack of proper maintenance or alteration work improperly carried out.

See also[edit]
An autonomous building is a building designed to be operated 
independently from infrastructural support services such as the electric 
power grid, gas grid, municipal water systems, sewage treatment systems, 
storm drains, communication services, and in some cases, public roads.

Advocates of autonomous building describe advantages that include 
reduced environmental impacts, increased security, and lower costs of 
ownership. Some cited advantages satisfy tenets of green building, not 
independence per se (see below). Off-grid buildings often rely very little on 
civil services and are therefore safer and more comfortable during civil 
disaster or military attacks. (Off-grid buildings would not lose power or water 
if public supplies were compromised for some reason.)

Most of the research and published articles concerning autonomous building 
focus on residential homes.

British architects Brenda and Robert Vale have said that, as of 2002,

"It is quite possible in all parts of Australia to construct a 'house with no 
bills', which would be comfortable without heating and cooling, which would 
make its own electricity, collect its own water and deal with its own 
waste...These houses can be built now, using off-the-shelf techniques. It is 
possible to build a "house with no bills" for the same price as a conventional 
house, but it would be (25%) smaller."[1] 

Creativity is a phenomenon whereby something new and somehow valuable 
is formed. The created item may be intangible (such as an idea, a scientific 
theory, a musical composition or a joke) or a physical object (such as an 
invention, a literary work or a painting).

Scholarly interest in creativity involves many definitions and concepts 
pertaining to a number of disciplines: psychology, cognitive science, 
education, philosophy (particularly philosophy of science), technology, 
theology, sociology, linguistics, business studies, songwriting, and 
economics, covering the relations between creativity and general 
intelligence, mental and neurological processes, personality type and 
creative ability, creativity and mental health; the potential for fostering 
creativity through education and training, especially as augmented by 
technology; and the application of creative resources to improve the 
effectiveness of teaching and learning.
In a summary of scientific research into creativity, Michael Mumford 
suggested: "Over the course of the last decade, however, we seem to have 
reached a general agreement that creativity involves the production of novel, 
useful products" (Mumford, 2003, p. 110),[1] or, in Robert Sternberg's words, 
the production of "something original and worthwhile".[2] Authors have 
diverged dramatically in their precise definitions beyond these general 
commonalities: Peter Meusburger reckons that over a hundred different 
analyses can be found in the literature.[3] As an illustration, one definition 
given by Dr. E. Paul Torrance described it as "a process of becoming 
sensitive to problems, deficiencies, gaps in knowledge, missing elements, 
disharmonies, and so on; identifying the difficulty; searching for solutions, 
making guesses, or formulating hypotheses about the deficiencies:testing 
and retesting these hypotheses and possibly modifying and retesting them; 
and finally communicating the results."[4]

Aspects[edit]
Theories of creativity (particularly investigation of why some people are more 
creative than others) have focused on a variety of aspects. The dominant 
factors are usually identified as "the four Ps"   process, product, person and 
place (according to Mel Rhodes).[5] A focus on process is shown in cognitive 
approaches that try to describe thought mechanisms and techniques for 
creative thinking. Theories invoking divergent rather than convergent 
thinking (such as Guilford), or those describing the staging of the creative 
process (such as Wallas) are primarily theories of creative process. A focus 
on creative product usually appears in attempts to measure creativity 
(psychometrics, see below) and in creative ideas framed as successful 
memes.[6] The psychometric approach to creativity reveals that it also 
involves the ability to produce more.[7] A focus on the nature of the creative 
person considers more general intellectual habits, such as openness, levels 
of ideation, autonomy, expertise, exploratory behavior and so on. A focus on 
place considers the circumstances in which creativity flourishes, such as 
degrees of autonomy, access to resources and the nature of gatekeepers. 
Creative lifestyles are characterized by nonconforming attitudes and 
behaviors as well as flexibility.[7]

Etymology[edit]
The lexeme in the English word creativity comes from the Latin term cre  "to 
create, make": its derivational suffixes also come from Latin. The word 
"create" appeared in English as early as the 14th century, notably in 
Chaucer, to indicate divine creation[8] (in The Parson's Tale[9]). However, its 
modern meaning as an act of human creation did not emerge until after the 
Enlightenment.[8]

History of the concept[edit]
Main article: History of the concept of creativity

Greek philosophers like Plato rejected the concept of creativity, preferring to 
see art as a form of discovery. Asked in The Republic, "Will we say, of a 
painter, that he makes something ", Plato answers, "Certainly not, he merely 
imitates."[10]
Ancient views[edit]
Most ancient cultures, including thinkers of Ancient Greece,[10] Ancient 
China, and Ancient India,[11] lacked the concept of creativity, seeing art as a 
form of discovery and not creation. The ancient Greeks had no terms 
corresponding to "to create" or "creator" except for the expression "poiein" 
("to make"), which only applied to poiesis (poetry) and to the poietes (poet, 
or "maker") who made it. Plato did not believe in art as a form of creation. 
Asked in The Republic,[12] "Will we say, of a painter, that he makes 
something ", he answers, "Certainly not, he merely imitates."[10]

It is commonly argued that the notion of "creativity" originated in Western 
culture through Christianity, as a matter of divine inspiration.[8] According to 
the historian Daniel J. Boorstin, "the early Western conception of creativity 
was the Biblical story of creation given in the Genesis."[13] However, this is 
not creativity in the modern sense, which did not arise until the Renaissance. 
In the Judaeo-Christian tradition, creativity was the sole province of God; 
humans were not considered to have the ability to create something new 
except as an expression of God's work.[14] A concept similar to that of 
Christianity existed in Greek culture, for instance, Muses were seen as 
mediating inspiration from the Gods.[15] Romans and Greeks invoked the 
concept of an external creative "daemon" (Greek) or "genius" (Latin), linked 
to the sacred or the divine. However, none of these views are similar to the 
modern concept of creativity, and the individual was not seen as the cause of 
creation until the Renaissance.[16] It was during the Renaissance that 
creativity was first seen, not as a conduit for the divine, but from the abilities 
of "great men".[16]

The Enlightenment and after[edit]
The rejection of creativity in favor of discovery and the belief that individual 
creation was a conduit of the divine would dominate the West probably until 
the Renaissance and even later.[14] The development of the modern 
concept of creativity begins in the Renaissance, when creation began to be 
perceived as having originated from the abilities of the individual, and not 
God. This could be attributed to the leading intellectual movement of the 
time, aptly named humanism, which developed an intensely human-centric 
outlook on the world, valuing the intellect and achievement of the individual.
[17] From this philosophy arose the Renaissance man (or polymath), an 
individual who embodies the principals of humanism in their ceaseless 
courtship with knowledge and creation.[18] One of the most well-known and 
immensely accomplished examples is Leonardo da Vinci.

However, this shift was gradual and would not become immediately apparent 
until the Enlightenment.[16] By the 18th century and the Age of 
Enlightenment, mention of creativity (notably in aesthetics), linked with the 
concept of imagination, became more frequent.[19] In the writing of Thomas 
Hobbes, imagination became a key element of human cognition;[8] William 
Duff was one of the first to identify imagination as a quality of genius, 
typifying the separation being made between talent (productive, but 
breaking no new ground) and genius.[15]

As a direct and independent topic of study, creativity effectively received no 
attention until the 19th century.[15] Runco and Albert argue that creativity as 
the subject of proper study began seriously to emerge in the late 19th 
century with the increased interest in individual differences inspired by the 
arrival of Darwinism. In particular they refer to the work of Francis Galton, 
who through his eugenicist outlook took a keen interest in the heritability of 
intelligence, with creativity taken as an aspect of genius.[8]

In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, leading mathematicians and 
scientists such as Hermann von Helmholtz (1896) and Henri Poincar  (1908) 
began to reflect on and publicly discuss their creative processes.

Twentieth century to the present day[edit]
The insights of Poincar  and von Helmholtz were built on in early accounts of 
the creative process by pioneering theorists such as Graham Wallas[20] and 
Max Wertheimer. In his work Art of Thought, published in 1926, Wallas 
presented one of the first models of the creative process. In the Wallas stage 
model, creative insights and illuminations may be explained by a process 
consisting of 5 stages:

(i) preparation (preparatory work on a problem that focuses the individual's 
mind on the problem and explores the problem's dimensions),
(ii) incubation (where the problem is internalized into the unconscious mind 
and nothing appears externally to be happening),
(iii) intimation (the creative person gets a "feeling" that a solution is on its 
way),
(iv) illumination or insight (where the creative idea bursts forth from its 
preconscious processing into conscious awareness);
(v) verification (where the idea is consciously verified, elaborated, and then 
applied).
Wallas' model is often treated as four stages, with "intimation" seen as a 
sub-stage.

Wallas considered creativity to be a legacy of the evolutionary process, 
which allowed humans to quickly adapt to rapidly changing environments. 
Simonton[21] provides an updated perspective on this view in his book, 
Origins of genius: Darwinian perspectives on creativity.

In 1927, Alfred North Whitehead gave the Gifford Lectures at the University 
of Edinburgh, later published as Process and Reality.[22] He is credited with 
having coined the term "creativity" to serve as the ultimate category of his 
metaphysical scheme: "Whitehead actually coined the term   our term, still 
the preferred currency of exchange among literature, science, and the arts. . 
. a term that quickly became so popular, so omnipresent, that its invention 
within living memory, and by Alfred North Whitehead of all people, quickly 
became occluded".[23]

The formal psychometric measurement of creativity, from the standpoint of 
orthodox psychological literature, is usually considered to have begun with 
J. P. Guilford's 1950 address to the American Psychological Association, 
which helped popularize the topic[24] and focus attention on a scientific 
approach to conceptualizing creativity. (It should be noted that the London 
School of Psychology had instigated psychometric studies of creativity as 
early as 1927 with the work of H. L. Hargreaves into the Faculty of 
Imagination,[25] but it did not have the same impact.) Statistical analysis led 
to the recognition of creativity (as measured) as a separate aspect of human 
cognition to IQ-type intelligence, into which it had previously been 
subsumed. Guilford's work suggested that above a threshold level of IQ, the 
relationship between creativity and classically measured intelligence broke 
down.[26]

"Four C" model[edit]
James C. Kaufman and Beghetto introduced a "four C" model of creativity; 
mini-c ("transformative learning" involving "personally meaningful 
interpretations of experiences, actions and insights"), little-c (everyday 
problem solving and creative expression), Pro-C (exhibited by people who 
are professionally or vocationally creative though not necessarily eminent) 
and Big-C (creativity considered great in the given field). This model was 
intended to help accommodate models and theories of creativity that 
stressed competence as an essential component and the historical 
transformation of a creative domain as the highest mark of creativity. It also, 
the authors argued, made a useful framework for analyzing creative 
processes in individuals.[27]

The contrast of terms "Big C" and "Little c" has been widely used. Kozbelt, 
Beghetto and Runco use a little-c/Big-C model to review major theories of 
creativity [26] Margaret Boden distinguishes between h-creativity (historical) 
and p-creativity (personal).[28]

Robinson[29] and Anna Craft[30] have focused on creativity in a general 
population, particularly with respect to education. Craft makes a similar 
distinction between "high" and "little c" creativity.[30] and cites Ken Robinson 
as referring to "high" and "democratic" creativity. Mih ly Cs kszentmih lyi[31] 
has defined creativity in terms of those individuals judged to have made 
significant creative, perhaps domain-changing contributions. Simonton has 
analysed the career trajectories of eminent creative people in order to map 
patterns and predictors of creative productivity.[32]

Theories of creative processes[edit]
There has been much empirical study in psychology and cognitive science 
of the processes through which creativity occurs. Interpretation of the results 
of these studies has led to several possible explanations of the sources and 
methods of creativity.

Incubation[edit]
Incubation is a temporary break from creative problem solving that can result 
in insight.[33] There has been some empirical research looking at whether, 
as the concept of "incubation" in Wallas' model implies, a period of 
interruption or rest from a problem may aid creative problem-solving. Ward
[34] lists various hypotheses that have been advanced to explain why 
incubation may aid creative problem-solving, and notes how some empirical 
evidence is consistent with the hypothesis that incubation aids creative 
problem-solving in that it enables "forgetting" of misleading clues. Absence 
of incubation may lead the problem solver to become fixated on 
inappropriate strategies of solving the problem.[35] This work disputes the 
earlier hypothesis that creative solutions to problems arise mysteriously from 
the unconscious mind while the conscious mind is occupied on other tasks.
[36] This earlier hypothesis is discussed in Csikszentmihalyi's five phase 
model of the creative process which describes incubation as a time that your 
unconscious takes over. This allows for unique connections to be made 
without your consciousness trying to make logical order out of the problem.
[37]

Convergent and divergent thinking[edit]
J. P. Guilford[38] drew a distinction between convergent and divergent 
production (commonly renamed convergent and divergent thinking). 
Convergent thinking involves aiming for a single, correct solution to a 
problem, whereas divergent thinking involves creative generation of multiple 
answers to a set problem. Divergent thinking is sometimes used as a 
synonym for creativity in psychology literature. Other researchers have 
occasionally used the terms flexible thinking or fluid intelligence, which are 
roughly similar to (but not synonymous with) creativity.[citation needed]

Creative cognition approach[edit]
In 1992, Finke et al. proposed the "Geneplore" model, in which creativity 
takes place in two phases: a generative phase, where an individual 
constructs mental representations called preinventive structures, and an 
exploratory phase where those structures are used to come up with creative 
ideas. Some evidence shows that when people use their imagination to 
develop new ideas, those ideas are heavily structured in predictable ways by 
the properties of existing categories and concepts.[39] Weisberg[40] argued, 
by contrast, that creativity only involves ordinary cognitive processes yielding 
extraordinary results.

The Explicit Implicit Interaction (EII) theory[edit]
Helie and Sun[41] recently proposed a unified framework for understanding 
creativity in problem solving, namely the Explicit Implicit Interaction (EII) 
theory of creativity. This new theory constitutes an attempt at providing a 
more unified explanation of relevant phenomena (in part by 
reinterpreting/integrating various fragmentary existing theories of incubation 
and insight). The EII theory relies mainly on five basic principles, namely 1) 
The co-existence of and the difference between explicit and implicit 
knowledge; 2) The simultaneous involvement of implicit and explicit 
processes in most tasks; 3) The redundant representation of explicit and 
implicit knowledge; 4) The integration of the results of explicit and implicit 
processing; and 5) The iterative (and possibly bidirectional) processing. A 
computational implementation of the theory was developed based on the 
CLARION cognitive architecture and used to simulate relevant human data. 
This work represents an initial step in the development of process-based 
theories of creativity encompassing incubation, insight, and various other 
related phenomena.

Conceptual blending[edit]
Main article: Conceptual blending
In The Act of Creation, Arthur Koestler introduced the concept of bisociation 
that creativity arises as a result of the intersection of two quite different 
frames of reference.[42] This idea was later developed into conceptual 
blending. In the '90s, various approaches in cognitive science that dealt with 
metaphor, analogy and structure mapping have been converging, and a new 
integrative approach to the study of creativity in science, art and humor has 
emerged under the label conceptual blending.

Honing theory[edit]
Honing theory posits that creativity arises due to the self-organizing, self-
mending nature of a worldview, and that it is by way of the creative process 
the individual hones (and re-hones) an integrated worldview. Honing theory 
places equal emphasis on the externally visible creative outcome and the 
internal cognitive restructuring brought about by the creative process. 
Indeed, one factor that distinguishes it from other theories of creativity is that 
it focuses on not just restructuring as it pertains to the conception of the 
task, but as it pertains to the worldview as a whole. When faced with a 
creatively demanding task, there is an interaction between the conception of 
the task and the worldview. The conception of the task changes through 
interaction with the worldview, and the worldview changes through 
interaction with the task. This interaction is reiterated until the task is 
complete, at which point not only is the task conceived of differently, but the 
worldview is subtly or drastically transformed. Thus another distinguishing 
feature of honing theory is that the creative process reflects the natural 
tendency of a worldview to attempt to resolve dissonance and seek internal 
consistency amongst its components, whether they be ideas, attitudes, or 
bits of knowledge; it mends itself as does a body when it has been injured.

Yet another central, distinguishing feature of honing theory is the notion of a 
potentiality state.[43] Honing theory posits that creative thought proceeds 
not by searching through and randomly mutating  predefined possibilities, 
but by drawing upon associations that exist due to overlap in the distributed 
neural cell assemblies that participate in the encoding of experiences in 
memory. Midway through the creative process one may have made 
associations between the current task and previous experiences, but not yet 
disambiguated which aspects of those previous experiences are relevant to 
the current task. Thus the creative idea may feel half-baked . It is at that 
point that it can be said to be in a potentiality state, because how it will 
actualize depends on the different internally or externally generated contexts 
it interacts with.

Honing theory can account for many phenomena that are not readily 
explained by other theories of creativity. For example, creativity was 
commonly thought to be fostered by a supportive, nurturing, trustworthy 
environment conducive to self-actualization. However, research shows that 
creativity is actually associated with childhood adversity, which would 
stimulate honing. Honing theory also makes several predictions that differ 
from what would be predicted by other theories. For example, empirical 
support has been obtained using analogy problem solving experiments for 
the proposal that midway through the creative process one's mind is in a 
potentiality state. Other experiments show that different works by the same 
creator exhibit a recognizable style or 'voice', and that this same 
recognizable quality even comes through in different creative outlets. This is 
not predicted by theories of creativity that emphasize chance processes or 
the accumulation of expertise, but it is predicted by honing theory, according 
to which personal style reflects the creator's uniquely structured worldview. 
This theory has been developed by Liane Gabora.

Everyday imaginative thought[edit]
In everyday thought, people often spontaneously imagine alternatives to 
reality when they think "if only...".[44] Their counterfactual thinking is viewed 
as an example of everyday creative processes.[45] It has been proposed that 
the creation of counterfactual alternatives to reality depends on similar 
cognitive processes to rational thought.[46]

Assessing individual creative ability[edit]
Creativity quotient[edit]
Several attempts have been made to develop a creativity quotient of an 
individual similar to the intelligence quotient (IQ), however these have been 
unsuccessful.[47]

Psychometric approach[edit]
J. P. Guilford's group,[38] which pioneered the modern psychometric study 
of creativity, constructed several tests to measure creativity in 1967:

Plot Titles, where participants are given the plot of a story and asked to write 
original titles.
Quick Responses is a word-association test scored for uncommonness.
Figure Concepts, where participants were given simple drawings of objects 
and individuals and asked to find qualities or features that are common by 
two or more drawings; these were scored for uncommonness.
Unusual Uses is finding unusual uses for common everyday objects such as 
bricks.
Remote Associations, where participants are asked to find a word between 
two given words (e.g. Hand _____ Call)
Remote Consequences, where participants are asked to generate a list of 
consequences of unexpected events (e.g. loss of gravity)
Building on Guilford's work, Torrance[48] developed the Torrance Tests of 
Creative Thinking in 1966.[49] They involved simple tests of divergent 
thinking and other problem-solving skills, which were scored on:

Fluency   The total number of interpretable, meaningful and relevant ideas 
generated in response to the stimulus.
Originality   The statistical rarity of the responses among the test subjects.
Elaboration   The amount of detail in the responses.
The Creativity Achievement Questionnaire, a self-report test that measures 
creative achievement across 10 domains, was described in 2005 and shown 
to be reliable and valid when compared to other measures of creativity and 
to independent evaluation of creative output.[50]

Such tests, sometimes called Divergent Thinking (DT) tests have been both 
supported[51] and criticized.[52]

Considerable progress has been made in automated scoring of Divergent 
Thinking tests using semantic approach. When compared to human raters, 
NLP techniques were shown to be reliable and valid in scoring the originality 
(when compared to human raters).[53][54] The reported computer programs 
were able to achieve a correlation of 0.60 and 0.72 respectively to human 
graders.

Semantic networks were also used to devise originality scores that yielded 
significant correlations with socio-personal measures.[55] Most recently, An 
NSF-funded[56] team of researchers led by James C. Kaufman and Mark A. 
Runco[57] combined expertise in creativity research, natural language 
processing, computational linguistics, and statistical data analysis to devise 
a scalable system for computerized automated testing (SparcIt Creativity 
Index Testing system). This system enabled automated scoring of DT tests 
that is reliable, objective, and scalable, thus addressing most of the issues 
of DT tests that had been found and reported.[52] The resultant computer 
system was able to achieve a correlation of 0.73 to human graders.[58]

Social-personality approach[edit]
Some researchers have taken a social-personality approach to the 
measurement of creativity. In these studies, personality traits such as 
independence of judgement, self-confidence, attraction to complexity, 
aesthetic orientation and risk-taking are used as measures of the creativity of 
individuals.[24] A meta-analysis by Gregory Feist showed that creative 
people tend to be "more open to new experiences, less conventional and 
less conscientious, more self-confident, self-accepting, driven, ambitious, 
dominant, hostile,and impulsive." Openness, conscientiousness, self-
acceptance, hostility and impulsivity had the strongest effects of the traits 
listed.[59] Within the framework of the Big Five model of personality some 
consistent traits have emerged.[60] Openness to experience has been 
shown to be consistently related to a whole host of different assessments of 
creativity.[61] Among the other Big Five traits, research has demonstrated 
subtle differences between different domains of creativity. Compared to 
non-artists, artists tend to have higher levels of openness to experience and 
lower levels of conscientiousness, while scientists are more open to 
experience, conscientious, and higher in the confidence-dominance facets of 
extraversion compared to non-scientists.[59]

Creativity and intelligence[edit]
The potential relationship between creativity and Intelligence has been of 
interest since the late 1900s, when a multitude of influential studies   from 
Getzels & Jackson,[62] Barron,[63] Wallach & Kogan,[64] and Guilford[65]   
focused not only on creativity, but also on intelligence. This joint focus 
highlights both the theoretical and practical importance of the relationship: 
researchers are interested not only if the constructs are related, but also 
how and why.[66]

There are multiple theories accounting for their relationship, with the 3 main 
theories as follows:

Threshold Theory   Intelligence is a necessary, but not sufficient condition for 
creativity. There is a moderate positive relationship between creativity and 
intelligence until IQ ~120 [63][65]
Certification Theory   Creativity is not intrinsically related to intelligence. 
Instead individuals are required to meet the requisite level intelligence in 
order to gain a certain level of education/work, which then in turn offers the 
opportunity to be creative. Displays of creativity are moderated by 
intelligence[67]
Interference Theory   Extremely high intelligence might interfere with creative 
ability [68]
Sternberg and O Hara[69] proposed a framework of 5 possible relationships 
between creativity and intelligence:

Creativity is a subset of intelligence
Intelligence is a subset of creativity
Creativity and intelligence are overlapping constructs
Creativity and intelligence are part of the same construct (coincident sets)
Creativity and intelligence are distinct constructs (disjoint sets)
Creativity as a subset of intelligence[edit]
A number of researchers include creativity, either explicitly or implicitly, as a 
key component of intelligence.

Examples of theories that include creativity as a subset of intelligence

Gardner s Theory of multiple intelligences (MIT)[70]   implicitly includes 
creativity as a subset of MIT. To demonstrate this, Gardner cited examples of 
different famous creators, each of whom differed in their types of 
intelligences e.g. Picasso (spatial intelligence); Freud (intrapersonal); 
Einstein (logical-mathematical); and Gandhi (interpersonal).
Sternberg s Theory of Successful intelligence[68][69][71] (see Triarchic 
theory of intelligence) includes creativity as a main component, and 
comprises 3 sub-theories: Componential (Analytic), Contextual (Practical) 
and Experiential (Creative). Experiential sub-theory   the ability to use pre-
existing knowledge and skills to solve new and novel problems   is directly 
related to creativity.
The Cattell Horn Carroll theory includes creativity as a subset of intelligence. 
Specifically, it is associated with the broad group factor of long-term storage 
and retrieval (Glr). Glr narrow abilities relating to creativity include:[72] 
ideational fluency, associational fluency and originality/creativity. Silvia et al.
[73] conducted a study to look at the relationship between divergent thinking 
and verbal fluency tests, and reported that both fluency and originality in 
divergent thinking were significantly affected by the broad level Glr factor. 
Martindale [74] extended the CHC-theory in the sense that it was proposed 
that those individuals who are creative are also selective in their processing 
speed Martindale argues that in the creative process, larger amounts of 
information are processed more slowly in the early stages, and as the 
individual begins to understand the problem, the processing speed is 
increased.
The Dual Process Theory of Intelligence[75] posits a two-factor/type model 
of intelligence. Type 1 is a conscious process, and concerns goal directed 
thoughts, which are explained by g. Type 2 is an unconscious process, and 
concerns spontaneous cognition, which encompasses daydreaming and 
implicit learning ability. Kaufman argues that creativity occurs as a result of 
Type 1 and Type 2 processes working together in combination. The use of 
each Type in the creative process can be used to varying degrees.
Intelligence as a subset of creativity[edit]
In this relationship model, intelligence is a key component in the 
development of creativity.

Theories of creativity that include intelligence as a subset of creativity

Sternberg & Lubart s Investment Theory.[76][77] Using the metaphor of a 
stock market, they demonstrate that creative thinkers are like good investors  
 they buy low and sell high (in their ideas). Like under/low-valued stock, 
creative individuals generate unique ideas that are initially rejected by other 
people. The creative individual has to persevere, and convince the others of 
the ideas value. After convincing the others, and thus increasing the ideas 
value, the creative individual sells high  by leaving the idea with the other 
people, and moves onto generating another idea. According to this theory, 
six distinct, but related elements contribute to successful creativity: 
intelligence, knowledge, thinking styles, personality, motivation, and 
environment. Intelligence is just one of the six factors that can either solely, 
or in conjunction with the other five factors, generate creative thoughts.
Amabile s Componential Model of Creativity.[78][79] In this model there are 3 
within-individual components needed for creativity   domain-relevant skills, 
creativity-relevant processes, and task motivation   and 1 component 
external to the individual: their surrounding social environment. Creativity 
requires a confluence of all components. High creativity will result when an 
individual is: intrinsically motivated, possesses both a high level of domain-
relevant skills and has high skills in creative thinking, and is working in a 
highly creative environment.
Amusement Park Theoretical Model.[80] In this 4-step theory, both domain-
specific and generalist views are integrated into a model of creativity. The 
researchers make use of the metaphor of the amusement park to 
demonstrate that within each of these creative levels, intelligence plays a 
key role:
To get into the amusement park, there are initial requirements (e.g., 
time/transport to go to the park). Initial requirements (like intelligence) are 
necessary, but not sufficient for creativity. They are more like prerequisites 
for creativity, and if an individual does not possess the basic level of the 
initial requirement (intelligence), then they will not be able to generate 
creative thoughts/behaviour.
Secondly are the subcomponents   general thematic areas   that increase in 
specificity. Like choosing which type of amusement park to visit (e.g. a zoo or 
a water park), these areas relate to the areas in which someone could be 
creative (e.g. poetry).
Thirdly there are specific domains. After choosing the type of park to visit 
e.g. waterpark, you then have to choose which specific park to go to. Within 
the poetry domain, there are many different types (e.g. free verse, riddles, 
sonnet, etc.) that have to be selected from.
Lastly, there are micro-domains. These are the specific tasks that reside 
within each domain e.g. individual lines in a free verse poem / individual 
rides at the waterpark.
Creativity and intelligence as overlapping yet distinct constructs[edit]
This possible relationship concerns creativity and intelligence as distinct, but 
intersecting constructs.

Theories that include Creativity and Intelligence as Overlapping Yet Distinct 
Constructs

Renzulli s Three-Ring Conception of Giftedness.[81] In this 
conceptualisation, giftedness occurs as a result from the overlap of above 
average intellectual ability, creativity, and task commitment. Under this view, 
creativity and intelligence are distinct constructs, but they do overlap under 
the correct conditions.
PASS theory of intelligence. In this theory, the planning component   relating 
to the ability to solve problems, make decisions and take action   strongly 
overlaps with the concept of creativity.[82]
Threshold Theory (TT). A number of previous research findings have 
suggested that a threshold exists in the relationship between creativity and 
intelligence   both constructs are moderately positively correlated up to an IQ 
of ~120. Above this threshold of an IQ of 120, if there is a relationship at all, 
it is small and weak.[62][63][83] TT posits that a moderate level of 
intelligence is necessary for creativity.
In support of the TT, Barron [63][84] reported finding a non-significant 
correlation between creativity and intelligence in a gifted sample; and a 
significant correlation in a non-gifted sample. Yamamoto[85] in a sample of 
secondary school children, reported a significant correlation between 
creativity and intelligence of r = .3, and reported no significant correlation 
when the sample consisted of gifted children. Fuchs-Beauchamp et al.[86] 
in a sample of preschoolers found that creativity and intelligence correlated 
from r = .19 to r = .49 in the group of children who had an IQ below the 
threshold; and in the group above the threshold, the correlations were r = 
<.12. Cho et al.[87] reported a correlation of .40 between creativity and 
intelligence in the average IQ group of a sample of adolescents and adults; 
and a correlation of close to r = .0 for the high IQ group. Jauk et al.[88] 
found support for the TT, but only for measures of creative potential; not 
creative performance.

Much modern day research reports findings against TT. Wai et al.[89] in a 
study using data from the longitudinal Study of Mathematically Precocious 
Youth   a cohort of elite students from early adolescence into adulthood   
found that differences in SAT scores at age 13 were predictive of creative 
real-life outcomes 20 years later. Kim s[90] meta-analysis of 21 studies did 
not find any supporting evidence for TT, and instead negligible correlations 
were reported between intelligence, creativity, and divergent thinking both 
below and above IQ's of 120. Preckel et al.,[91] investigating fluid 
intelligence and creativity, reported small correlations of r = .3 to r = .4 
across all levels of cognitive ability.

Creativity and intelligence as coincident sets[edit]
Under this view, researchers posit that there are no differences in the 
mechanisms underlying creativity in those used in normal problem solving; 
and in normal problem solving, there is no need for creativity. Thus, creativity 
and Intelligence (problem solving) are the same thing. Perkins[92] referred 
to this as the nothing-special  view.

Weisberg & Alba[93] examined problem solving by having participants 
complete the 9-dot problem (see Thinking outside the box#Nine dots puzzle) 
  where the participants are asked to connect all 9 dots in the 3 rows of 3 
dots using 4 straight lines or less, without lifting their pen or tracing the 
same line twice. The problem can only be solved if the lines go outside the 
boundaries of the square of dots. Results demonstrated that even when 
participants were given this insight, they still found it difficult to solve the 
problem, thus showing that to successfully complete the task it is not just 
insight (or creativity) that is required.

Creativity and intelligence as disjoint sets[edit]
In this view, creativity and intelligence are completely different, unrelated 
constructs.

Getzels and Jackson[62] administered 5 creativity measures to a group of 
449 children from grades 6-12, and compared these test findings to results 
from previously administered (by the school) IQ tests. They found that the 
correlation between the creativity measures and IQ was r = .26. The high 
creativity group scored in the top 20% of the overall creativity measures, but 
were not included in the top 20% of IQ scorers. The high intelligence group 
scored the opposite: they scored in the top 20% for IQ, but were outside the 
top 20% scorers for creativity, thus showing that creativity and intelligence 
are distinct and unrelated.

However, this work has been heavily criticised. Wallach and Kogan[64] 
highlighted that the creativity measures were not only weakly related to one 
another (to the extent that they were no more related to one another than 
they were with IQ), but they seemed to also draw upon non-creative skills. 
McNemar[94] noted that there were major measurement issues, in that the 
IQ scores were a mixture from 3 different IQ tests.

Wallach and Kogan[64] administered 5 measures of creativity, each of which 
resulted in a score for originality and fluency; and 10 measures of general 
intelligence to 151 5th grade children. These tests were untimed, and given 
in a game-like manner (aiming to facilitate creativity). Inter-correlations 
between creativity tests were on average r = .41. Inter-correlations between 
intelligence measures were on average r = .51 with each other. Creativity 
tests and intelligence measures correlated r = .09.

Neuroscience[edit]
The neuroscience of creativity looks at the operation of the brain during 
creative behaviour. It has been addressed[95] in the article "Creative 
Innovation: Possible Brain Mechanisms." The authors write that "creative 
innovation might require coactivation and communication between regions of 
the brain that ordinarily are not strongly connected." Highly creative people 
who excel at creative innovation tend to differ from others in three ways:

they have a high level of specialized knowledge,
they are capable of divergent thinking mediated by the frontal lobe.
and they are able to modulate neurotransmitters such as norepinephrine in 
their frontal lobe.
Thus, the frontal lobe appears to be the part of the cortex that is most 
important for creativity.

This article also explored the links between creativity and sleep, mood and 
addiction disorders, and depression.

In 2005, Alice Flaherty presented a three-factor model of the creative drive. 
Drawing from evidence in brain imaging, drug studies and lesion analysis, 
she described the creative drive as resulting from an interaction of the frontal 
lobes, the temporal lobes, and dopamine from the limbic system. The frontal 
lobes can be seen as responsible for idea generation, and the temporal 
lobes for idea editing and evaluation. Abnormalities in the frontal lobe (such 
as depression or anxiety) generally decrease creativity, while abnormalities in 
the temporal lobe often increase creativity. High activity in the temporal lobe 
typically inhibits activity in the frontal lobe, and vice versa. High dopamine 
levels increase general arousal and goal directed behaviors and reduce 
latent inhibition, and all three effects increase the drive to generate ideas.
[96] A 2015 study on creativity found that it involves the interaction of 
multiple neural networks, including the those that support associative 
thinking, along with other default mode network functions.[97]

Working memory and the cerebellum[edit]
Vandervert[98] described how the brain's frontal lobes and the cognitive 
functions of the cerebellum collaborate to produce creativity and innovation. 
Vandervert's explanation rests on considerable evidence that all processes of 
working memory (responsible for processing all thought[99]) are adaptively 
modeled for increased efficiency by the cerebellum.[100] The cerebellum 
(consisting of 100 billion neurons, which is more than the entirety of the rest 
of the brain[101]) is also widely known to adaptively model all bodily 
movement for efficiency. The cerebellum's adaptive models of working 
memory processing are then fed back to especially frontal lobe working 
memory control processes[102] where creative and innovative thoughts 
arise.[103] (Apparently, creative insight or the "aha" experience is then 
triggered in the temporal lobe.[104])

According to Vandervert, the details of creative adaptation begin in "forward" 
cerebellar models which are anticipatory/exploratory controls for movement 
and thought. These cerebellar processing and control architectures have 
been termed Hierarchical Modular Selection and Identification for Control 
(HMOSAIC).[105] New, hierarchically arranged levels of the cerebellar 
control architecture (HMOSAIC) develop as mental mulling in working 
memory is extended over time. These new levels of the control architecture 
are fed forward to the frontal lobes. Since the cerebellum adaptively models 
all movement and all levels of thought and emotion,[106] Vandervert's 
approach helps explain creativity and innovation in sports, art, music, the 
design of video games, technology, mathematics, the child prodigy, and 
thought in general.

Essentially, Vandervert has argued that when a person is confronted with a 
challenging new situation, visual-spatial working memory and speech-
related working memory are decomposed and re-composed (fractionated) by 
the cerebellum and then blended in the cerebral cortex in an attempt to deal 
with the new situation. With repeated attempts to deal with challenging 
situations, the cerebro-cerebellar blending process continues to optimize the 
efficiency of how working memory deals with the situation or problem.[107] 
Most recently, he has argued that this is the same process (only involving 
visual-spatial working memory and pre-language vocalization) that led to the 
evolution of language in humans.[108] Vandervert and Vandervert-Weathers 
have pointed out that this blending process, because it continuously 
optimizes efficiencies, constantly improves prototyping attempts toward the 
invention or innovation of new ideas, music, art, or technology.[109] 
Prototyping, they argue, not only produces new products, it trains the 
cerebro-cerebellar pathways involved to become more efficient at prototyping 
itself. Further, Vandervert and Vandervert-Weathers believe that this 
repetitive "mental prototyping" or mental rehearsal involving the cerebellum 
and the cerebral cortex explains the success of the self-driven, individualized 
patterning of repetitions initiated by the teaching methods of the Khan 
Academy. The model proposed by Vandervert has however received incisive 
critique from several authors.[110][111]

REM sleep[edit]
Creativity involves the forming of associative elements into new combinations 
that are useful or meet some requirement. Sleep aids this process.[112] 
REM rather than NREM sleep appears to be responsible.[113][114] This has 
been suggested to be due to changes in cholinergic and noradrenergic 
neuromodulation that occurs during REM sleep.[113] During this period of 
sleep, high levels of acetylcholine in the hippocampus suppress feedback 
from the hippocampus to the neocortex, and lower levels of acetylcholine 
and norepinephrine in the neocortex encourage the spread of associational 
activity within neocortical areas without control from the hippocampus.[115] 
This is in contrast to waking consciousness, where higher levels of 
norepinephrine and acetylcholine inhibit recurrent connections in the 
neocortex. It is proposed that REM sleep adds creativity by allowing 
"neocortical structures to reorganize associative hierarchies, in which 
information from the hippocampus would be reinterpreted in relation to 
previous semantic representations or nodes."[113]

Affect[edit]
Some theories suggest that creativity may be particularly susceptible to 
affective influence. As noted in voting behavior the term "affect" in this 
context can refer to liking or disliking key aspects of the subject in question. 
This work largely follows from findings in psychology regarding the ways in 
which affective states are involved in human judgment and decision-making.
[116]

Positive affect relations[edit]
According to Alice Isen, positive affect has three primary effects on cognitive 
activity:

Positive affect makes additional cognitive material available for processing, 
increasing the number of cognitive elements available for association;
Positive affect leads to defocused attention and a more complex cognitive 
context, increasing the breadth of those elements that are treated as 
relevant to the problem;
Positive affect increases cognitive flexibility, increasing the probability that 
diverse cognitive elements will in fact become associated. Together, these 
processes lead positive affect to have a positive influence on creativity.
Barbara Fredrickson in her broaden-and-build model suggests that positive 
emotions such as joy and love broaden a person's available repertoire of 
cognitions and actions, thus enhancing creativity.

According to these researchers, positive emotions increase the number of 
cognitive elements available for association (attention scope) and the 
number of elements that are relevant to the problem (cognitive scope).

Various meta-analyses, such as Baas et al. (2008) of 66 studies about 
creativity and affect support the link between creativity and positive affect
[117][118]

Creativity and artificial intelligence[edit]
J rgen Schmidhuber's formal theory of creativity[119][120] postulates that 
creativity, curiosity and interestingness are by-products of a simple 
computational principle for measuring and optimizing learning progress. 
Consider an agent able to manipulate its environment and thus its own 
sensory inputs. The agent can use a black box optimization method such as 
reinforcement learning to learn (through informed trial and error) sequences 
of actions that maximize the expected sum of its future reward signals. There 
are extrinsic reward signals for achieving externally given goals, such as 
finding food when hungry. But Schmidhuber's objective function to be 
maximized also includes an additional, intrinsic term to model "wow-effects." 
This non-standard term motivates purely creative behavior of the agent even 
when there are no external goals. A wow-effect is formally defined as follows. 
As the agent is creating and predicting and encoding the continually 
growing history of actions and sensory inputs, it keeps improving the 
predictor or encoder, which can be implemented as an artificial neural 
network or some other machine learning device that can exploit regularities 
in the data to improve its performance over time. The improvements can be 
measured precisely, by computing the difference in computational costs 
(storage size, number of required synapses, errors, time) needed to encode 
new observations before and after learning. This difference depends on the 
encoder's present subjective knowledge, which changes over time, but the 
theory formally takes this into account. The cost difference measures the 
strength of the present "wow-effect" due to sudden improvements in data 
compression or computational speed. It becomes an intrinsic reward signal 
for the action selector. The objective function thus motivates the action 
optimizer to create action sequences causing more wow-effects. Irregular, 
random data (or noise) do not permit any wow-effects or learning progress, 
and thus are "boring" by nature (providing no reward). Already known and 
predictable regularities also are boring. Temporarily interesting are only the 
initially unknown, novel, regular patterns in both actions and observations. 
This motivates the agent to perform continual, open-ended, active, creative 
exploration.

According to Schmidhuber, his objective function explains the activities of 
scientists, artists and comedians.[121][122] For example, physicists are 
motivated to create experiments leading to observations obeying previously 
unpublished physical laws permitting better data compression. Likewise, 
composers receive intrinsic reward for creating non-arbitrary melodies with 
unexpected but regular harmonies that permit wow-effects through data 
compression improvements. Similarly, a comedian gets intrinsic reward for 
"inventing a novel joke with an unexpected punch line, related to the 
beginning of the story in an initially unexpected but quickly learnable way 
that also allows for better compression of the perceived data."[123] 
Schmidhuber argues that that ongoing computer hardware advances will 
greatly scale up rudimentary artificial scientists and artists[clarification 
needed] based on simple implementations of the basic principle since 1990.
[124] He used the theory to create low-complexity art[125] and an attractive 
human face.[126]

Mental health[edit]
Main article: Creativity and mental illness
A study by psychologist J. Philippe Rushton found creativity to correlate with 
intelligence and psychoticism.[127] Another study found creativity to be 
greater in schizotypal than in either normal or schizophrenic individuals. 
While divergent thinking was associated with bilateral activation of the 
prefrontal cortex, schizotypal individuals were found to have much greater 
activation of their right prefrontal cortex.[128] This study hypothesizes that 
such individuals are better at accessing both hemispheres, allowing them to 
make novel associations at a faster rate. In agreement with this hypothesis, 
ambidexterity is also associated with schizotypal and schizophrenic 
individuals. Three recent studies by Mark Batey and Adrian Furnham have 
demonstrated the relationships between schizotypal[129][130] and 
hypomanic personality [131] and several different measures of creativity.

Particularly strong links have been identified between creativity and mood 
disorders, particularly manic-depressive disorder (a.k.a. bipolar disorder) and 
depressive disorder (a.k.a. unipolar disorder). In Touched with Fire: Manic-
Depressive Illness and the Artistic Temperament, Kay Redfield Jamison 
summarizes studies of mood-disorder rates in writers, poets and artists. She 
also explores research that identifies mood disorders in such famous writers 
and artists as Ernest Hemingway (who shot himself after electroconvulsive 
treatment), Virginia Woolf (who drowned herself when she felt a depressive 
episode coming on), composer Robert Schumann (who died in a mental 
institution), and even the famed visual artist Michelangelo.

A study looking at 300,000 persons with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder or 
unipolar depression, and their relatives, found overrepresentation in creative 
professions for those with bipolar disorder as well as for undiagnosed 
siblings of those with schizophrenia or bipolar disorder. There was no overall 
overrepresentation, but overrepresentation for artistic occupations, among 
those diagnosed with schizophrenia. There was no association for those with 
unipolar depression or their relatives. [132]

Another study involving more than one million people, conducted by 
Swedish researchers at the Karolinska Institute, reported a number of 
correlations between creative occupations and mental illnesses. Writers had 
a higher risk of anxiety and bipolar disorders, schizophrenia, unipolar 
depression, and substance abuse, and were almost twice as likely as the 
general population to kill themselves. Dancers and photographers were also 
more likely to have bipolar disorder.[133]

However, as a group, those in the creative professions were no more likely to 
suffer from psychiatric disorders than other people, although they were more 
likely to have a close relative with a disorder, including anorexia and, to 
some extent, autism, the Journal of Psychiatric Research reports.[133]

According to psychologist Robert Epstein, PhD, creativity can be obstructed 
through stress.[134]

Creativity and personality[edit]
Creativity can be expressed in a number of different forms, depending on 
unique people and environments. A number of different theorists have 
suggested models of the creative person. One model suggests that there 
are kinds to produce growth, innovation, speed, etc. These are referred to as 
the four "Creativity Profiles" that can help achieve such goals.[135]

(i) Incubate (Long-term Development)
(ii) Imagine (Breakthrough Ideas)
(iii) Improve (Incremental Adjustments)
(iv) Invest (Short-term Goals)
Research by Dr Mark Batey of the Psychometrics at Work Research Group 
at Manchester Business School has suggested that the creative profile can 
be explained by four primary creativity traits with narrow facets within each

(i) "Idea Generation" (Fluency, Originality, Incubation and Illumination)
(ii) "Personality" (Curiosity and Tolerance for Ambiguity)
(iii) "Motivation" (Intrinsic, Extrinsic and Achievement)
(iv) "Confidence" (Producing, Sharing and Implementing)
This model was developed in a sample of 1000 working adults using the 
statistical techniques of Exploratory Factor Analysis followed by Confirmatory 
Factor Analysis by Structural Equation Modelling.[136]

An important aspect of the creativity profiling approach is to account for the 
tension between predicting the creative profile of an individual, as 
characterised by the psychometric approach, and the evidence that team 
creativity is founded on diversity and difference.[137]

One characteristic of creative people, as measured by some psychologists, 
is what is called divergent production. divergent production is the ability of a 
person to generate a diverse assortment, yet an appropriate amount of 
responses to a given situation.[138] One way of measuring divergent 
production is by administering the Torrance Tests of Creative Thinking.[139] 
The Torrance Tests of Creative Thinking assesses the diversity, quantity, and 
appropriateness of participants responses to a variety of open-ended 
questions.

Other researchers of creativity see the difference in creative people as a 
cognitive process of dedication to problem solving and developing expertise 
in the field of their creative expression. Hard working people study the work 
of people before them and within their current area, become experts in their 
fields, and then have the ability to add to and build upon previous 
information in innovative and creative ways. In a study of projects by design 
students, students who had more knowledge on their subject on average 
had greater creativity within their projects.[140]

The aspect of motivation within a person's personality may predict creativity 
levels in the person. Motivation stems from two different sources, intrinsic 
and extrinsic motivation. Intrinsic motivation is an internal drive within a 
person to participate or invest as a result of personal interest, desires, 
hopes, goals, etc. Extrinsic motivation is a drive from outside of a person and 
might take the form of payment, rewards, fame, approval from others, etc. 
Although extrinsic motivation and intrinsic motivation can both increase 
creativity in certain cases, strictly extrinsic motivation often impedes creativity 
in people.[141]

From a personality-traits perspective, there are a number of traits that are 
associated with creativity in people.[142] Creative people tend to be more 
open to new experiences, are more self-confident, are more ambitious, self-
accepting, impulsive, driven, dominant, and hostile, compared to people with 
less creativity.

From an evolutionary perspective, creativity may be a result of the outcome 
of years of generating ideas. As ideas are continuously generated, the need 
to evolve produces a need for new ideas and developments. As a result, 
people have been creating and developing new, innovative, and creative 
ideas to build our progress as a society.[143]

In studying exceptionally creative people in history, some common traits in 
lifestyle and environment are often found. Creative people in history usually 
had supportive parents, but rigid and non-nurturing. Most had an interest in 
their field at an early age, and most had a highly supportive and skilled 
mentor in their field of interest. Often the field they chose was relatively 
uncharted, allowing for their creativity to be expressed more in a field with 
less previous information. Most exceptionally creative people devoted almost 
all of their time and energy into their craft, and after about a decade had a 
creative breakthrough of fame. Their lives were marked with extreme 
dedication and a cycle of hard-work and breakthroughs as a result of their 
determination [144]

Another theory of creative people is the investment theory of creativity. This 
approach suggest that there are many individual and environmental factors 
that must exist in precise ways for extremely high levels of creativity opposed 
to average levels of creativity. In the investment sense, a person with their 
particular characteristics in their particular environment may see an 
opportunity to devote their time and energy into something that has been 
overlooked by others. The creative person develops an undervalued or 
under-recognised idea to the point that it is established as a new and 
creative idea. Just like in the financial world, some investments are worth the 
buy in, while others are less productive and do not build to the extent that 
the investor expected. This investment theory of creativity views creativity in a 
unique perspective compared to others, by asserting that creativity might 
rely to some extent on the right investment of effort being added to a field at 
the right time in the right way.[145]

Creativity across cultures[edit]
Creativity is viewed differently in different countries.[146] For example, 
cross-cultural research centred on Hong Kong found that Westerners view 
creativity more in terms of the individual attributes of a creative person, such 
as their aesthetic taste, while Chinese people view creativity more in terms of 
the social influence of creative people e.g. what they can contribute to 
society.[147] Mpofu et al. surveyed 28 African languages and found that 27 
had no word which directly translated to 'creativity' (the exception being 
Arabic).[148] The principle of linguistic relativity, i.e. that language can affect 
thought, suggests that the lack of an equivalent word for 'creativity' may 
affect the views of creativity among speakers of such languages. However, 
more research would be needed to establish this, and there is certainly no 
suggestion that this linguistic difference makes people any less (or more) 
creative; Africa has a rich heritage of creative pursuits such as music, art, 
and storytelling. Nevertheless, it is true that there has been very little 
research on creativity in Africa,[149] and there has also been very little 
research on creativity in Latin America.[150] Creativity has been more 
thoroughly researched in the northern hemisphere, but here again there are 
cultural differences, even between countries or groups of countries in close 
proximity. For example, in Scandinavian countries, creativity is seen as an 
individual attitude which helps in coping with life's challenges,[151] while in 
Germany, creativity is seen more as a process that can be applied to help 
solve problems.[152]

In organizations[edit]

Training meeting in an eco-design stainless steel company in Brazil. The 
leaders among other things wish to cheer and encourage the workers in 
order to achieve a higher level of creativity.
It has been the topic of various research studies to establish that 
organizational effectiveness depends on the creativity of the workforce to a 
large extent. For any given organization, measures of effectiveness vary, 
depending upon its mission, environmental context, nature of work, the 
product or service it produces, and customer demands. Thus, the first step 
in evaluating organizational effectiveness is to understand the organization 
itself   how it functions, how it is structured, and what it emphasizes.

Amabile[153] argued that to enhance creativity in business, three 
components were needed:

Expertise (technical, procedural and intellectual knowledge),
Creative thinking skills (how flexibly and imaginatively people approach 
problems),
and Motivation (especially intrinsic motivation).
There are two types of motivation:

extrinsic motivation   external factors, for example threats of being fired or 
money as a reward,
intrinsic motivation   comes from inside an individual, satisfaction, enjoyment 
of work etc.
Six managerial practices to encourage motivation are:

Challenge   matching people with the right assignments;
Freedom   giving people autonomy choosing means to achieve goals;
Resources   such as time, money, space etc. There must be balance fit 
among resources and people;
Work group features   diverse, supportive teams, where members share the 
excitement, willingness to help and recognize each other's talents;
Supervisory encouragement   recognitions, cheering, praising;
Organizational support   value emphasis, information sharing, collaboration.
Nonaka, who examined several successful Japanese companies, similarly 
saw creativity and knowledge creation as being important t
o the success of organizations.[154] In particular, he emphasized the role 
that tacit knowledge has to play in the creative process.

In business, originality is not enough. The idea must also be appropriate 
useful and actionable.[155][156] Creative competitive intelligence is a new 
solution to solve this problem. According to Reijo Siltala it links creativity to 
innovation process and competitive intelligence to creative workers.

Creativity can be encouraged in people and professionals and in the 
workplace. It is essential for innovation, and is a factor affecting economic 
growth and businesses. In 2013 the sociologist Silvia Leal Mart n, using the 
Innova 3DX method, suggested measuring the various parameters that 
encourage creativity and innovation: corporate culture, work environment, 
leadership and management, creativity, self-esteem and optimism, locus of 
control and learning orientation, motivation and fear.[157]

Economic views of creativity[edit]
Economic approaches to creativity have focussed on three aspects   the 
impact of creativity on economic growth, methods of modelling markets for 
creativity, and the maximisation of economic creativity (innovation).

In the early 20th century, Joseph Schumpeter introduced the economic 
theory of creative destruction, to describe the way in which old ways of doing 
things are endogenously destroyed and replaced by the new. Some 
economists (such as Paul Romer) view creativity as an important element in 
the recombination of elements to produce new technologies and products 
and, consequently, economic growth. Creativity leads to capital, and creative 
products are protected by intellectual property laws.

Mark A. Runco and Daniel Rubenson have tried to describe a 
"psychoeconomic" model of creativity.[158] In such a model, creativity is the 
product of endowments and active investments in creativity; the costs and 
benefits of bringing creative activity to market determine the supply of 
creativity. Such an approach has been criticised for its view of creativity 
consumption as always having positive utility, and for the way it analyses the 
value of future innovations.[159]

The creative class is seen by some to be an important driver of modern 
economies. In his 2002 book, The Rise of the Creative Class, economist 
Richard Florida popularized the notion that regions with "3 T's of economic 
development: Technology, Talent and Tolerance" also have high 
concentrations of creative professionals and tend to have a higher level of 
economic development.

Fostering creativity[edit]
Main article: Creativity techniques
Daniel Pink, in his 2005 book A Whole New Mind, repeating arguments 
posed throughout the 20th century, argues that we are entering a new age 
where creativity is becoming increasingly important. In this conceptual age, 
we will need to foster and encourage right-directed thinking (representing 
creativity and emotion) over left-directed thinking (representing logical, 
analytical thought). However, this simplification of 'right' versus 'left' brain 
thinking is not supported by the research data.[160]

Nickerson[161] provides a summary of the various creativity techniques that 
have been proposed. These include approaches that have been developed 
by both academia and industry:

Establishing purpose and intention
Building basic skills
Encouraging acquisitions of domain-specific knowledge
Stimulating and rewarding curiosity and exploration
Building motivation, especially internal motivation
Encouraging confidence and a willingness to take risks
Focusing on mastery and self-competition
Promoting supportable beliefs about creativity
Providing opportunities for choice and discovery
Developing self-management (metacognitive skills)
Teaching techniques and strategies for facilitating creative performance
Providing balance
Some see the conventional system of schooling as "stifling" of creativity and 
attempt (particularly in the pre-school/kindergarten and early school years) 
to provide a creativity-friendly, rich, imagination-fostering environment for 
young children.[161][162][163] Researchers have seen this as important 
because technology is advancing our society at an unprecedented rate and 
creative problem solving will be needed to cope with these challenges as 
they arise.[163] In addition to helping with problem solving, creativity also 
helps students identify problems where others have failed to do so.[161]
[162][164] See the Waldorf School as an example of an education program 
that promotes creative thought.

Promoting intrinsic motivation and problem solving are two areas where 
educators can foster creativity in students. Students are more creative when 
they see a task as intrinsically motivating, valued for its own sake.[162][163]
[165][166] To promote creative thinking educators need to identify what 
motivates their students and structure teaching around it. Providing students 
with a choice of activities to complete allows them to become more 
intrinsically motivated and therefore creative in completing the tasks.[161]
[167]

Teaching students to solve problems that do not have well defined answers 
is another way to foster their creativity. This is accomplished by allowing 
students to explore problems and redefine them, possibly drawing on 
knowledge that at first may seem unrelated to the problem in order to solve 
it.[161][162][163][165]

Several different researchers have proposed methods of increasing the 
creativity of an individual. Such ideas range from the psychological-cognitive, 
such as Osborn-Parnes Creative Problem Solving Process, Synectics, 
Science-based creative thinking, Purdue Creative Thinking Program, and 
Edward de Bono's lateral thinking; to the highly structured, such as TRIZ 
(the Theory of Inventive Problem-Solving) and its variant Algorithm of 
Inventive Problem Solving (developed by the Russian scientist Genrich 
Altshuller), and Computer-Aided Morphological analysis.

Creativity has also been identified as one of the key 21st century skills and 
as one of the Four Cs of 21st century learning by educational leaders and 
theorists in the United States.

See also[edit]

Music therapy is the use of interventions to accomplish individual goals 
within a therapeutic relationship by a professional who has completed an 
approved music therapy program.[1] Music therapy is an allied health 
profession and one of the expressive therapies, consisting of a process in 
which a music therapist uses music and all of its facets physical, emotional, 
mental, social, aesthetic, and spiritual to help clients improve their physical 
and mental health. Music therapists primarily help clients improve their 
health in several domains, such as cognitive functioning, motor skills, 
emotional development, social skills, and quality of life, by using music 
experiences such as free improvisation, singing, and listening to, discussing, 
and moving to music to achieve treatment goals. It has a wide qualitative and 
quantitative research literature base and incorporates clinical therapy, 
psychotherapy, biomusicology, musical acoustics, music theory, 
psychoacoustics, embodied music cognition, aesthetics of music, sensory 
integration, and comparative musicology. Referrals to music therapy services 
may be made by other health care professionals such as physicians, 
psychologists, physical therapists, and occupational therapists. Clients can 
also choose to pursue music therapy services without a referral (i.e., self-
referral).

Music therapists are found in nearly every area of the helping professions. 
Some commonly found practices include developmental work 
(communication, motor skills, etc.) with individuals with special needs, 
songwriting and listening in reminiscence/orientation work with the elderly, 
processing and relaxation work, and rhythmic entrainment for physical 
rehabilitation in stroke victims. Music therapy is also used in some medical 
hospitals, cancer centers, schools, alcohol and drug recovery programs, 
psychiatric hospitals, and correctional facilities.[2]

Music therapy comes in two different forms: active and receptive. In active 
therapy, the therapist and patient actively participate in creating music with 
instruments, their voice, or other objects. This allows for the patient to be 
creative and expressive through the art of music. Receptive therapy takes 
place in a more relaxed setting where the therapist plays or makes music to 
the patient who is free to draw, listen or meditate. Usually the therapist 
determines the method unless specifically requested by the patient.[3]
Approaches[edit]

A music therapist from a "Blues in the Schools" program plays harmonica 
with a US Navy sailor at a Naval Therapy Center.
Approaches used in music therapy that have emerged from the field of 
education include Orff-Schulwerk (Orff), Dalcroze Eurhythmics, and Kodaly. 
Models that developed directly out of music therapy are Neurologic Music 
Therapy (NMT), Nordoff-Robbins and the Bonny Method of Guided Imagery 
and Music.[4]

Music therapists may work with individuals who have behavioral-emotional 
disorders.[5] To meet the needs of this population, music therapists have 
taken current psychological theories and used them as a basis for different 
types of music therapy. Different models include behavioral therapy, 
cognitive behavioral therapy, and psychodynamic therapy.[6]

One therapy model based on neuroscience, called "neurological music 
therapy" (NMT), is "based on a neuroscience model of music perception and 
production, and the influence of music on functional changes in non-musical 
brain and behavior functions."[7] In other words, NMT studies how the brain 
is without music, how the brain is with music, measures the differences, and 
uses these differences to cause changes in the brain through music that will 
eventually affect the client non-musically. As one researcher, Dr. Thaut, said: 
"The brain that engages in music is changed by engaging in music."[8] NMT 
trains motor responses (i.e. tapping foot or fingers, head movement, etc.) to 
better help clients develop motor skills that help "entrain the timing of 
muscle activation patterns".[9]

Children[edit]
Music therapy approaches used with children[edit]
Nordoff-Robbins[edit]
Further information: Nordoff-Robbins music therapy
Paul Nordoff, a Juilliard School graduate and Professor of Music, was a 
gifted pianist and composer who, upon seeing disabled children respond so 
positively to music, gave up his academic career to further investigate the 
possibility of music as a means for therapy. Dr. Clive Robbins, a special 
educator, partnered with Nordoff for over 17 years in the exploration and 
research of music s effects on disabled children first in the United Kingdom, 
and then in the USA in the 1950s and 60s. Their pilot projects included 
placements at care units for autistic children and child psychiatry 
departments, where they put programs in place for children with mental 
disorders, emotional disturbances, developmental delays, and other 
handicaps. Their success at establishing a means of communication and 
relationship with autistic children at the University of Pennsylvania gave rise 
to the National Institutes of Health s first grant given of this nature, and the 
5-year study  Music Therapy Project for Psychotic Children Under Seven at 
the Day Care Unit  involved research, publication, training and treatment.[10] 
Several publications, including Therapy in Music for Handicapped Children, 
Creative Music Therapy, Music Therapy in Special Education, as well as 
instrumental and song books for children, were released during this time. 
Nordoff and Robbins s success became known globally in the mental health 
community, and they were invited to share their findings and offer training on 
an international tour that lasted several years. Funds were granted to 
support the founding of the Nordoff Robbins Music Therapy Centre in Great 
Britain in 1974, where a one-year Graduate program for students was 
implemented. In the early eighties, a center was opened in Australia, and 
various programs and institutes for Music Therapy were founded in Germany 
and other countries. In the United States, the Nordoff-Robbins Center for 
Music Therapy was established at New York University in 1989.

The Nordoff-Robbins approach, based on the belief that everyone is capable 
of finding meaning in and benefitting from musical experience, is now 
practiced by hundreds of therapists internationally. It focuses on treatment 
through the creation of music by both therapist and client together. Various 
techniques are used to accommodate all capabilities so that even the most 
low functioning individuals are able to participate actively.[11]

Orff Music Therapy[edit]
Further information: Orff Schulwerk
Developed by Gertrude Orff at the Kindezentrum M nchen, is another 
approach known as Orff Music Therapy. Both the clinical setting of social 
pediatrics as well as the Orff Schulwerk (Schoolwork) approach in music 
education (developed by German composer Carl Orff) influence this method, 
which is used with children with developmental problems, delays and 
disabilities.[12] The area of social pediatrics was developed after the Second 
World War in Germany by Theodor Hellbr gge, who understood that 
medicine alone could not meet the complex needs of developmentally 
disabled children. He consulted psychologists, occupational therapists and 
other mental healthcare professionals whose knowledge and skills could aid 
in the diagnostics and treatment of children. Gertrude Orff was asked to 
develop a form of therapy based on the Orff Schulwerk approach to support 
the emotional development of patients. Elements found in both the music 
therapy and education approaches include the understanding of holistic 
music presentation as involving word, sound and movement; the use of both 
music and play improvisation as providing a creative stimulus for the child to 
investigate and explore; Orff instrumentation, including keyboard 
instruments and percussion instruments as a means of participation and 
interaction in a therapeutic setting; and lastly, the multisensory aspects of 
music used by the therapist to meet the particular needs of the child, such 
as both feeling and hearing sound.[12]

Corresponding with the attitudes of Humanistic psychology, the 
developmental potential of the child- as in the acknowledgement of their 
strengths as well as their handicaps, and the importance of the therapist- 
child relationship are central factors in Orff Music Therapy. Theoretical 
foundations are also influenced by the strong emphasis on social integration 
and the involvement of parents in the therapeutic process found in social 
paediatrics. Knowledge of developmental psychology puts into perspective 
how developmental disabilities influence the child, as do their social and 
familial environments. The basis for interaction in this method is known as 
responsive interaction, in which the therapist meets the child at their level 
and responds according to their initiatives, combining both humanistic and 
developmental psychology philosophies. Involving the parents in this type of 
interaction, by having them participate directly or observe the therapist's 
techniques, equips the parents with ideas of how to interact appropriately 
with their child, thus fostering a positive parent-child relationship.[12]

Bonny Method of Guided Imagery in Music (GIM)[edit]
Further information: Guided imagery
Music educator and therapist Helen Lindquist Bonny (1921 - May 25, 2010) 
developed an approach influenced by humanistic and transpersonal 
psychological views, known as the Bonny Method of Guided Imagery in 
Music, or GIM. Guided imagery refers to a technique used in natural and 
alternative medicine that involves using mental imagery to help with the 
physiological and psychological ailments of patients.[13] The practitioner 
often suggests a relaxing and focusing image and through the use of 
imagination and discussion, aims to find constructive solutions to manage 
their problems. Bonny applied this psychotherapeutic method to the field of 
music therapy by using music as the means of guiding the patient to a 
higher state of consciousness where healing and constructive self- 
awareness can take place. Music is considered a "co-therapist" because of 
its importance. GIM with children can be used in one-on-one or group 
settings, and involves relaxation techniques, identification and sharing of 
personal feeling states, and improvisation to discover the self, and foster 
growth. The choice of music is carefully selected for the client based on their 
musical preferences and the goals of the session. Usually a classical piece, 
it must reflect the age and attentional abilities of the child in length and 
genre, and a full explanation of the exercises must be offered at their level of 
understanding.[13]

The use of guided imagery with autistic children has been found to decrease 
stereotypical behaviours and hyperactivity, increase attention and the ability 
to follow instructions, as well as increase self-initiated communication, both 
verbal and non-verbal.[14]

Assessment and interventions[edit]
As with any type of therapy, the practice of Music Therapy with children must 
uphold standards of conduct and ethics, agreed upon by national and 
provincial associations such as the Canadian Association for Music Therapy. 
In part with this, formal assessment is crucial for understanding the child   
their background, limitations and needs, as well as to create appropriate 
goals for the process and select the means of achieving them. This serves 
as the starting point from which to measure the client s progression 
throughout the therapeutic process and to make adjustments later, if 
necessary. Similarly to how assessments are conducted with adults, the 
music therapist obtains extensive data on the client including their full 
medical history, musical (ability to duplicate a melody or identify changes in 
rhythm, etc.) and nonmusical functioning (social, physical/motor, emotional, 
etc.).[15] The assessment process is then carried out in formal, informal, and 
standardized ways.

The following are the most common methods of assessment:[16]

Interviews with Clients and/or Family Members
Structured or Unstructured Observation
Reviewing of Client Records
Standardized Assessment Tests
Information gathered at the music therapy assessment is then used to 
determine if music therapy is indicated for the child. The therapist then 
formulates a music therapy treatment plan, which includes specific short-
term objectives, long-term goals, and an expected timeline for therapy.[17]

Music therapy interventions used with children can fall into two categories. 
The first, Supportive active therapy, is product- oriented and can included 
rhythm activities such as body percussion (stomping feet, clapping hands, 
etc.), singing songs which re-inforce nonmusical skills, awareness and 
expression, or movement to music (as simple as marching to the beat, as 
complex as structured dances). The second area is called Insight music 
therapy which is process-oriented. Activities could include song-writing, 
active listening and reacting, or auditory discrimination activities for sensory 
skill development.[18] Music therapy for children is conducted either in a 
one-on-one session or in a group session.[19] The therapist typically plays 
either a piano or a guitar, which allows for a wide variety of musical styles to 
suit the client's preferences. The child is usually encouraged to play an 
instrument adapted to his or her unique abilities and needs.[20] These 
elements are designed to improve the experience and outcome of the 
therapy.

Prenatal music therapy[edit]
Music Therapy can play an important role during pregnancy. At just 16 
weeks, a fetus is able to hear their mother's speech as well as singing. 
Through technologies, such as ultrasound, health care professionals are 
able to observe the movements of the unborn child responding to musical 
stimuli. Through these fetal observations, we see that the baby is capable of 
expressing its needs, preferences, and interests through movements in the 
womb. At the beginning of the second trimester, the ear structure is fully 
matured. By this time, the fetus will begin to hear not only maternal sounds, 
but also vibrations of instruments.[21]

Prenatal music therapy has three main benefits.[22]

Prenatal Stress Relief: Pregnant women may experience high levels of 
stress which can negatively affect the baby. This will cause the body will 
release Norepinephrine and Cortisol hormones which will increase blood 
pressure and weaken the immune system of both mother and child.[23] High 
levels of cortisol exposure in early development can increase the likelihood 
of the child later having anxiety, mental retardation, autism, and depression.
[24] Music therapists use music to elevate the stress threshold of an 
expectant mother which helps her to maintain a relaxed state during labour 
and birthing process.[25] During a music therapy session, the mother is 
guided to listen to her internal rhythms, as well as listing to the movements 
and reactions of the fetus in response to her voice and music. This 
technique is useful in helping reduce the mother's level of stress, and 
prepare her for the birth of her child.[26]
Maternal-Fetal Bonding: Communication between the mother and fetus is 
essential during pregnancy. One way of strengthening the bond between 
the two is through music therapy. Music stimulation helps to develop the 
fetus's nervous system, structurally and functionally. The unborn child 
especially prefers the voice of their mother. The most effective way to 
enhance communication is through singing. Lullabies are the most popular 
songs sung by mothers. Singing lullabies is a wonderful way for mothers to 
express their love and have the baby become familiarized with their mother's 
melodies and intonations which will provide them a sense of security when 
they are born, because it will feel just like how they were in the womb.[27] 
Electronic voice phenomena studies have shown that the father's voice 
engages the fetus from feet to the abdomen - which will lead the baby to 
start walking at a younger age. The mother's voice engages the fetus from 
waist to head which will strengthen the baby's neck and upper limbs. Not 
only does prenatal singing benefit the fetus, it also help produce endorphins 
that automatically reduce the perception of pain and help relax breathing.
[28] A fetus can show preference for music; observations have shown the 
fetus's movements are gentle when listening to soothing music, and 
comparatively, where there are dissonances included in the music, their 
movements are bigger and much more rhythmic, such as rolling. The fetus 
would be comforted by hearing slow-pace passages of Baroque music 
(Vivaldi and Handel) and lullabies sung by their mother.[29]
Prenatal Language Development: Music is said to be the unborn child's 
beginning of language learning. It can be consider as a pre-linguistic 
language that prepares the Auditory Sensory System to listen, combine, and 
produce language sounds. The fetus learns through the voice of their 
mother, not only from speech but songs. The sound is received by the baby 
through bone conduction when the mother speaks. The singing voice is said 
to have a wider range of frequencies than speech. Prenatal sounds are 
important during the prenatal period because it forms the basis of future 
learning and behaviour.[29]
Music therapy for premature infants[edit]
Music therapy has been shown to be very beneficial in stimulating growth 
and development in premature infants.[30] Premature infants are those born 
at 37 weeks or less gestational stage. They are subject to numerous 
struggles, such as abnormal breathing patterns, decreased body fat and 
muscle tissue, as well as feeding issues. The coordination for sucking and 
breathing is often not fully developed, making feeding a challenge. The 
improved developmental activity and behavioural status of premature infants 
when they are discharged from the NICU, is directly related to the 
stimulation programs and interventions they benefited from during 
hospitalization, such as music therapy.

Music is typically conducted by a musical therapist in Neonatal Intensive 
Care (NICU), with five main techniques designed to benefit premature 
infants;[31]

Live or Recorded Music: Live or recorded music has been effective in 
promoting respiratory regularity and oxygen saturation levels, as well as 
decreasing signs of neonatal distress. Since premature infants have 
sensitive and immature sensory modalities, music is often performed in a 
gentle and control environment, either in the form of audio recordings or live 
vocalization, although live singing has been shown to have a greater affect. 
Live music also reduces the physiological responses in parents. Studies 
have shown that by combining live music, such as harp music, with the 
Kangaroo Care, maternal anxiety is reduced. This allows for parents, 
especially mothers to spend important time bonding with their premature 
infants. Female singing voices are also more affective at soothing premature 
infants. Despite being born premature, infants show a preference for the 
sound of a female singing voice, making it more beneficial than instrumental 
music.[32]
Promote Healthy Sucking Reflex: By using a Pacifier-Actived Lullaby Device, 
music therapists can help promote stronger sucking reflexes, while also 
reducing pain perception for the infant. The Gato Box is a small rectangular 
instrument that stimulates a prenatal heartbeat sound in a soft and rhythmic 
manner that has also been effective in aiding sucking behaviours.[33] The 
music therapist uses their fingers to tap on the drum, rather than using a 
mallet. The rhythm supports movement when feeding and promotes healthy 
sucking patterns. By increasing sucking patterns, babies are able to 
coordinate the important dual mechanisms of breathing, sucking and 
swallowing needed to feed, thus promoting growth and weight gain. When 
this treatment proves effective, infants are able to leave the hospital earlier.
Multimodal Stimulation and Music: By combining music, such as lullabies, 
and multimodal stimulation, premature infants were discharged from the 
NICU sooner, than those infants who did not receive therapy. Multimodal 
stimulation includes the applications of auditory, tactile, vestibular, and visual 
stimulation that helps aid in premature infant development. The combination 
of music and MMS helps premature infants sleep and conserve vital energy 
required to gain weight more rapidly. Studies have shown that girls respond 
more positively than boys during multimodal stimulation.[34] While the voice 
is a popular choice for parents looking to bond with their premature infants, 
other effective instruments include the Remo Ocean Disk and the Gato Box. 
Both are used to stimulate the sounds of the womb. The Remo Ocean Disk, 
a round musical instrument that mimics the fluid sounds of the womb, has 
been shown to benefit decreased heart rate after therapeutic uses, as well 
as promoting healthy sleep patterns, lower respiratory rates and improve 
sucking behavior.[35]
Infant Stimulation: This type of intervention uses musical stimulation to 
compensate for the lack of normal environmental sensory stimulation found 
in the NICU. The sound environment the NICU provides can be disruptive; 
however, music therapy can mask unwanted auditory stimuli and promote a 
calm environment that reduces the complications for high-risk or failure-to-
thrive infants. Parent-infant bonding can also be affected by the noise of the 
NICU, which in turn can delay the interactions between parents and their 
premature infants. But music therapy creates a relaxed and peaceful 
environment for parents to speak and spend time with their babies while 
incubated.[36]
Parent-Infant Bonding: Therapists work with parents so they may perform 
infant-directed singing techniques, as well as home care. Singing lullabies 
therapeutically can promote relaxation and decrease heart rate in premature 
infants. By calming premature babies, it allows for them to preserve their 
energy, which creates a stable environment for growth. Lullabies, such as 
"Twinkle Twinkle Little Star", or other culturally relevant lullabies, have been 
shown to greatly soothe babies. These techniques can also improve overall 
sleep quality, caloric intake and feeding behaviours, which aids in 
development of the baby while they are still in the NICU. Singing has also 
shown greater results on oxygen saturation levels for infants while 
incubated, more than mothers speech alone. This technique promoted high 
levels of oxygen for longer periods of time.[37]
Music therapy in child rehabilitation[edit]
Music therapy has multiple benefits which contribute to the maintenance of 
health and the drive toward rehabilitation for children. Advanced technology 
that can monitor cortical activity offers a look at how music engages and 
produces changes in the brain during the perception and production of 
musical stimuli. Music therapy, when used with other rehabilitation methods, 
has increased the success rate of sensorimotor, cognitive, and 
communication rehabilitation.[38] Music therapy intervention programs can 
include an average of 18 sessions of treatment. The achievement of a 
physical rehabilitation goal relies on the child's existing motivation and 
feelings towards music and their commitment to engage in meaningful, 
rewarding efforts. Regaining full functioning also confides in the prognosis of 
recovery, the condition of the client, and the environmental resources 
available. Sessions may consist of either active techniques, where the client 
creates music, or receptive techniques, where the client listens to, analyze, 
move and respond to music.[39] Both techniques use systematic processes 
where the therapists assist the client by using musical experiences and 
connections that collaborate as a dynamic force of change toward 
rehabilitation.[40] The music is at times chosen by the client, or by the music 
therapist based on the clients reciprocation to the music.[41]

Music has many calming and soothing properties that can be used as a 
sedative in rehabilitation. For example, a patient with chronic pain may 
decrease the physiological result of stress, and draw attention away from the 
pain by focusing on music.[42] Research has indicated that children 
undergoing chemotherapy reported lower scores in pain, heart rate, 
respiratory rate, and anxiety after simply listening to music during music 
therapy sessions.[43] Music has the ability to associate physiological 
changes in the body and elicit physiological responses such as pulse rate, 
respiration rate, blood pressure, and muscle tension. Music may also 
stimulate a calming effect of the cardiovascular system.[40]

Music therapy used in child rehabilitation has had a substantial emphasis on 
sensorimotor development including; balance and position, locomotion, 
agility, mobility, range of motion, strength, laterality and directionality.[42] By 
using music during senorimotor rehabilitation, it allows clients to express 
themselves and motivates them to learn the active joint range of motion and 
motor coordination in which they are aiming to acquire. For example, clients 
with a brain injury may lack the ability to initiate movement. The intensely 
captivating and attention enhancing quality of music motivates clients to 
participate in physical activity or exercise by easing the discomfort and 
strenuousness of the physical rehabilitation and helps the client persevere 
without being conscious of the difficulty. Music can be an element of 
distraction, allowing the client to transcend into a positive, aesthetically-
pleasing state that is beneficial to achieving their goals.[40] Research 
suggests a strong connection between motor activation and the cueing of 
musical rhythm. Rhythmic stimuli has been found to help balance training 
for those with a brain injury. Repetition of proficient rhythmic qualities will 
stimulate participants so that the abrasive beats will synchronize with neural 
activity during a rhythmic motor task. For example, clients with hemiplegia 
gain improvement of posture stability, and consistency of symmetrical strides 
and regularity in step lengths when listening to music with strong rhythmic 
beats.[40]

Music therapy rehabilitation sessions that incorporate active techniques 
involve the client producing the music themselves. This may include the 
client making a musical composition, or performing by singing or chanting, 
playing instruments, or musically improvising.[39] Singing is a form of 
rehabilitation for neurological impairments. Neurological impairments 
following a brain injury can be in the form of apraxia   loss to perform 
purposeful movements, dysarthria   muscle control disturbances (due to 
damage of the central nervous system), aphasia (defect in expression 
causing distorted speech), or language comprehension. Singing training has 
been found to improve lung, speech clarity, and coordination of speech 
muscles, thus, accelerating rehabilitation of such neurological impairments. 
For example, melodic intonation therapy is the practice of communicating 
with others by singing to enhance speech or increase speech production by 
promoting socialization, and emotional expression.[40]

When having the child actively participate with an instrument, it is especially 
important for the therapist to provide them with an instrument that they can 
readily and easily use. Clients with limited physical abilities may express 
frustration when they are not able to control their environment. The ability to 
employ and operate a musical instrument provides them a sense of 
relaxation and accomplishment. Instruments must be selected to provide 
immediately successful experiences. Certain adaptions of the instruments 
may be required in order for the people to manipulate them. For example, a 
drumstick's handle should be manipulated to be more prominent for those 
clients that may have a weak grip.[40] Electric music-making devices have 
been adapted to fit the clients limited but existing movements, strength, and 
abilities. Electronic devices, such as the Sound Beam and the Wave Rider- 
read a variety of small movements made by the clients and converts the 
movements into electronic musical information. The devices are programmed 
to create easy, yet pleasing notes and sounds in coordination to the 
participants  movements. It is also crucial for the client to be aware that 
music making is simply a modality for rehabilitation and that their wellness is 
not dependent on their existing musical skills. It provides children with an 
outlet of expression that they may have lacked in the past or due to present 
circumstances. By accomplishing the production of musical sounds despite 
their weaknesses and disabilities, it encourages the client and relieves their 
anxiety that they may acquire at the thought of playing musical instrument 
without experience. By using such adaptive music devices, it grants client's 
the ability to create sounds that are originally expressive and allows them to 
experience affirmation  a feeling of capability to control ones own 
environment- an ability they may not be familiar with.[40]

Music therapy and children with autism[edit]
Music therapy can be a particularly useful when working with children with 
autism due to the nonverbal, non-threatening nature of the medium.[44] 
Studies have shown that children with autism have difficulty with joint 
attention, symbolic communication and sharing of positive affect. Use of 
music therapy has demonstrated improvements of socially acceptable 
behaviors. Wan, Demaine, Zipse, Norton, & Schlaug (2010) found singing 
and music making may engage areas of the brain related to language 
abilities, and that music facilitated the language, social, and motor skills.[45] 
Successful therapy involves long-term individual intervention tailored to each 
child s needs. Passing and sharing instruments, music and movement 
games, learning to listen and singing greetings and improvised stories are 
just a few ways music therapy can improve a child s social interaction. For 
example, passing a ball back and forth to percussive music or playing sticks 
and cymbals with another person might help foster the child s ability to 
follow directions when passing the ball and learn to share the cymbals and 
sticks. In addition to improved social behaviors music therapy has been 
shown to also increase communication attempts, increase focus and 
attention, reduce anxiety, and improve body awareness and coordination.[46]

Since up to 30 per cent of children with autism are nonverbal and many 
have difficulty understanding verbal commands music therapy becomes very 
useful as it has been found that music can improve the mapping of sounds 
to actions. So by pairing music with actions, and with many hours of training 
the neural pathways for speech can be improved.[47] Child-appropriate 
action songs would be like playing the game  peek-ka-boo  or  eeny meeny 
miney mo  with a musical accompaniment, usually a piano or guitar.

Children with autism are also prone to more bouts of anxiety than the 
average child. Short sessions (15   20 mins) of listening to percussive music 
or classical music with a steady rhythm have been shown to alleviate 
symptoms of anxiety and temporarily decrease anxiety-related behaviour. 
Music with a steady 4/4 beat is thought to work best due to the predictability 
of the beat.

Target behaviours such as restlessness, aggression and noisiness can also 
be affected by the use of music therapy. Weekly sessions ranging for   hour 
to 1 hour during which a therapist plays child-preferred melodies such as 
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star and engages the child in quiet singing increases 
socially acceptable behaviour such as using an appropriate volume when 
speaking. Studies also suggest that playing one of the child s favorite songs 
while the child and therapist both play the piano or strum chords on a guitar 
can increase a child s ability to hold eye contact and share in an experience 
due to their enjoyment of the therapy.[48]

Musical improvisation during a one on one session has also been shown to 
be highly effective with increasing joint attention. Some noted improvisation 
techniques are using a welcome song that includes the child s name, which 
allows the child to get used to their surroundings; an adult-led song followed 
by a child led song and then conclude with a goodbye song.[49] During 
such sessions the child would most likely sit across from the therapist on the 
floor or beside the therapist on the piano bench. Composing original music 
that incorporates the child s day-to-day life with actions and words is also a 
part of improvisation. The shared music making experience allows for 
spontaneous interpersonal responses from the child and may motivate the 
child to increase positive social behaviour and initiate further interaction with 
the therapist.[50]

Some common instruments in music therapy for children are:

Upright piano, Guitar, Xylophone, Small guiro, Paddle drums, Egg shakers, 
Finger cymbals, Birdcalls, Whistles, & Toy hand bells.
Music therapy has also been recognized as a method for children with 
autism. Music therapy helps stabilize moods, increase frustration tolerance, 
identify a range of emotions, and improve self-expression along with much 
more.[51] The visual and auditory sensory system is responsible for 
interpreting sounds and images. With autistic children, if a sound or image is 
unpleasant the child may not have the ability to express itself, which makes 
it difficult for a therapist, parent, etc. to interpret.[52] Music engages the 
brain in both sub-coritcal and neo-cortical levels, which means it is not 
critical to think  while listening to music when hearing the notes and sounds. 
Music therapy, in the topic of austism s sensory interpretation, provides 
repetitive stimuli which aim to  teach  the brain other possible ways to 
respond that might be more useful as they grow older.[53]

Adolescents[edit]
Mood disorders[edit]
According to the Mayo Health Clinic, two to three thousand out of every 
100,000 adolescents will have mood disorders, and out of those two to three 
thousand, eight to ten will commit suicide.[citation needed] Two prevalent 
mood disorders in the adolescent population are clinical depression and 
bipolar disorder.

On average, American adolescents listen to approximately 4.5 hours of 
music per day and are responsible for 70% of pop music sales. Now, with 
the invention of new technologies such as the iPod and digital downloads, 
access to music has become easier than ever. As children make the 
transition into adolescence they become less likely to sit and watch TV, an 
activity associated with family, and spend more of their leisure time listening 
to music, an activity associated with friends.[54]

Adolescents obtain many benefits from listening to music, including 
emotional, social, and daily life benefits, along with help in forming their 
identity. Music can provide a sense of independence and individuality, which 
in turn contributes to an adolescent's self-discovery and sense of identity. 
Music also offers adolescents relatable messages that allow them to take 
comfort in knowing that others feel the same way they do. It can also serve 
as a creative outlet to release or control emotions and find ways of coping 
with difficult situations. Music can improve an adolescent's mood by 
reducing stress and lowering anxiety levels, which can help counteract or 
prevent depression.[55] Music education programs provide adolescents with 
a safe place to express themselves and learn life skills such as self-
discipline, diligence, and patience. These programs also promote confidence 
and self-esteem. Ethnomusicologist Alan Merriam (1964) once stated that 
music is a universal behavior   it is something with which everyone can 
identify. Among adolescents, music is a unifying force, bringing people of 
different backgrounds, age groups, and social groups together.

Referrals and assessments[edit]
While many adolescents may listen to music for its therapeutic qualities, it 
does not mean every adolescent needs music therapy. Many adolescents go 
through a period of teenage angst characterized by intense feelings of strife 
that are caused by the development of their brains and bodies. Some 
adolescents develop more serious mood disorders such as major clinical 
depression and bipolar disorder. Adolescents diagnosed with a mood 
disorder may be referred to a music therapist by a physician, therapist, or 
school counselor/teacher. When a music therapist gets a referral, he or she 
must first assess the patient and then create goals and objectives before 
beginning the actual therapy. According to the American Music Therapy 
Association Standards of Clinical Practice[56] assessments should include 
the  general categories of psychological, cognitive, communicative, social, 
and physiological functioning focusing on the client s needs and 
strengths and will also determine the client s response to music, music 
skills, and musical preferences [57] The result of the assessment is used to 
create an individualized music therapy intervention plan.

Treatment techniques[edit]
There are many different music therapy techniques used with adolescents. 
The music therapy model is based on various theoretical backgrounds such 
as psychodynamic, behavioral, and humanistic approaches. Techniques can 
be classified as active vs. receptive and improvisational vs. structured.[58] 
The most common techniques in use with adolescents are musical 
improvisation, the use of precomposed songs or music, receptive listening to 
music, verbal discussion about the music, and incorporating creative media 
outlets into the therapy. Research also showed that improvisation and the 
use of other media were the two techniques most often used by the music 
therapists. The overall research showed that adolescents in music therapy  
change more when discipline-specific music therapy techniques, such as 
improvisation and verbal reflection of the music, are used.  The results of 
this study showed that music therapists should put careful thought into their 
choice of technique with each individual client. In the end, those choices can 
affect the outcome of the treatment.

To those unfamiliar with music therapy the idea may seem a little strange, 
but music therapy has been found to be as effective as traditional forms of 
therapy. In a meta-analysis of the effects of music therapy for children and 
adolescents with psychopathology, Gold, Voracek, and Wigram (2004) 
looked at ten studies conducted between 1970 and 1998 to examine the 
overall efficacy of music therapy on children and adolescents with 
behavioral, emotional, and developmental disorders. The results of the 
meta-analysis found that  music therapy with these clients has a highly 
significant, medium to large effect on clinically relevant outcomes.  More 
specifically, music therapy was most effective on subjects with mixed 
diagnoses. Another important result was that  the effects of music therapy 
are more enduring when more sessions are provided. [58]

One example of clinical work is that done by music therapists who work with 
adolescents to increase their emotional and cognitive stability, identify factors 
contributing to distress and initiate changes to alleviate that distress. Music 
therapy may also focus on improving quality of life and building self-esteem, 
a sense self-worth, and confidence. Improvements in these areas can be 
measured by a number of tests, including qualitative questionnaires like 
Beck s Depression Inventory, State and Trait Anxiety Inventory, and 
Relationship Change Scale.[59] Effects of music therapy can also be 
observed in the patient s demeanor, body language, and changes in 
awareness of mood.

Two main methods for music therapy are group meetings and one-one 
sessions. Group music therapy can include group discussions concerning 
moods and emotions in or toward music, songwriting, and musical 
improvisation. Groups emphasizing mood recognition and awareness, group 
cohesion, and improvement in self-esteem can be effective in working with 
adolescents.[60][61] Group therapy, however, is not always the best choice 
for the client. Ongoing one-on-one music therapy has also been shown to 
be effective. One-on-one music therapy provides a non-invasive, non-
judgmental environment, encouraging clients to show capacities that may be 
hidden in group situations.

Music Therapy in which clients play musical instruments directly, show very 
promising results. Specifically, playing wind instruments strengthens oral 
and respiratory muscles, sound vocalization, articulation, and improves 
breath support.[62] Symbolic Communication Training Through Music is also 
an important technique in playing instruments in music therapy, because 
this makes communication (verbally and non verbally) improved in social 
situations. Most importantly, is that music provides a time cue for the body to 
remain regulated.[63] Making music is also important for people of all ages 
because it causes motivation, increases "psychomotor" activity, causes an 
individual to identify with a group (in group music), regulates breathing, 
improves organizational skills, and increases coordination.[64]

Though more research needs to be done to ascertain the effect of music 
therapy on adolescents with mood disorders, most research has shown 
positive effects.

Medical disorders[edit]
Heart Disease[edit]
According to a 2009 Cochrane review some music may reduce heart rate, 
respiratory rate, and blood pressure in those with coronary heart disease.
[65] Music does not appear to have much effect on psychological distress. 
"The quality of the evidence is not strong and the clinical significance 
unclear". Research indicates that listening to music, whether a Mozart 
concerto or a song from the popular music charts, has been found to lower 
blood pressure, improve heart rate variability and can help to de-stress.[66]

Neurological disorders[edit]
The use of music therapy in treating mental and neurological disorders is on 
the rise. Music therapy has shown effectiveness in treating symptoms of 
many disorders, including schizophrenia, amnesia, dementia and 
Alzheimer's, Parkinson's disease, mood disorders such as depression, 
aphasia and similar speech disorders, and Tourette s syndrome, among 
others.[67]

While music therapy has been used for many years, up until the mid-1980s 
little empirical research had been done to support the efficacy of the 
treatment. Since then, more research has focused on determining both the 
effectiveness and the underlying physiological mechanisms leading to 
symptom improvement. For example, one meta-study covering 177 patients 
(over 9 studies) showed a significant effect on many negative symptoms of 
psychopathologies, particularly in developmental and behavioral disorders. 
Music therapy was especially effective in improving focus and attention, and 
in decreasing negative symptoms like anxiety and isolation.[68]

The following sections will discuss the uses and effectiveness of music 
therapy in the treatment of specific pathologies.

Stroke[edit]
Music has been shown to affect portions of the brain. One reason for the 
effectiveness of music therapy for stroke victims is the capacity of music to 
affect emotions and social interactions. Research by Nayak et al. showed 
that music therapy is associated with a decrease in depression, improved 
mood, and a reduction in state anxiety.[69] Both descriptive and 
experimental studies have documented effects of music on quality of life, 
involvement with the environment, expression of feelings, awareness and 
responsiveness, positive associations, and socialization.[70] Additionally, 
Nayak et al. found that music therapy had a positive effect on social and 
behavioral outcomes and showed some encouraging trends with respect to 
mood.[69]

More recent research suggests that music can increase a patient's 
motivation and positive emotions.[69][71][72] Current research also suggests 
that when music therapy is used in conjunction with traditional therapy it 
improves success rates significantly.[73][74][75] Therefore, it is hypothesized 
that music therapy helps a victim of stroke recover faster and with more 
success by increasing the patient's positive emotions and motivation, 
allowing him or her to be more successful and feel more driven to participate 
in traditional therapies.

Recent studies have examined the effect of music therapy on stroke patients 
when combined with traditional therapy. One study found the incorporation 
of music with therapeutic upper extremity exercises gave patients more 
positive emotional effects than exercise alone.[73] In another study, Nayak et 
al. found that rehabilitation staff rated participants in the music therapy 
group more actively involved and cooperative in therapy than those in the 
control group.[69] Their findings gave preliminary support to the efficacy of 
music therapy as a complementary therapy for social functioning and 
participation in rehabilitation with a trend toward improvement in mood 
during acute rehabilitation.

Current research shows that when music therapy is used in conjunction with 
traditional therapy, it improves rates of recovery and emotional and social 
deficits resulting from stroke.[69][73][74][75][76][77] A study by Jeong & Kim 
examined the impact of music therapy when combined with traditional stroke 
therapy in a community-based rehabilitation program.[76] Thirty-three stroke 
survivors were randomized into one of two groups: the experimental group, 
which combined rhythmic music and specialized rehabilitation movement for 
eight weeks; and a control group that sought and received traditional 
therapy. The results of this study showed that participants in the 
experimental group gained not only more flexibility and wider range of 
motion, but an increased frequency and quality of social interactions and 
positive mood.[76]

Music has proven useful in the recovery of motor skills. Rhythmical auditory 
stimulation in a musical context in combination with traditional gait therapy 
improved the ability of stroke patients to walk.[74] The study consisted of two 
treatment conditions, one which received traditional gait therapy and another 
which received the gait therapy in combination with the rhythmical auditory 
stimulation. During the rhythmical auditory stimulation, stimulation was 
played back measure by measure, and was initiated by the patient's heel-
strikes. Each condition received fifteen sessions of therapy. The results 
revealed that the rhythmical auditory stimulation group showed more 
improvement in stride length, symmetry deviation, walking speed and 
rollover path length (all indicators for improved walking gait) than the group 
that received traditional therapy alone.[74]

Schneider et al. also studied the effects of combining music therapy with 
standard motor rehabilitation methods.[75] In this experiment, researchers 
recruited stroke patients without prior musical experience and trained half of 
them in an intensive step by step training program that occurred fifteen 
times over three weeks, in addition to traditional treatment. These 
participants were trained to use both fine and gross motor movements by 
learning how to use the piano and drums. The other half of the patients 
received only traditional treatment over the course of the three weeks. 
Three-dimensional movement analysis and clinical motor tests showed 
participants who received the additional music therapy had significantly 
better speed, precision, and smoothness of movement as compared to the 
control subjects. Participants who received music therapy also showed a 
significant improvement in every-day motor activities as compared to the 
control group.[75] Wilson, Parsons, & Reutens looked at the effect of 
melodic intonation therapy (MIT) on speech production in a male singer with 
severe Broca's aphasia.[77] In this study, thirty novel phrases were taught in 
three conditions: unrehearsed, rehearsed verbal production (repetition), or 
rehearsed verbal production with melody (MIT). Results showed that 
phrases taught in the MIT condition had superior production, and that 
compared to rehearsal, effects of MIT lasted longer.

Another study examined the incorporation of music with therapeutic upper 
extremity exercises on pain perception in stroke victims.[73] Over the course 
of eight weeks, stroke victims participated in upper extremity exercises (of 
the hand, wrist, and shoulder joints) in conjunction with one of the three 
conditions: song, karaoke accompaniment, and no music. Patients 
participated in each condition once, according to a randomized order, and 
rated their perceived pain immediately after the session. Results showed 
that although there was no significant difference in pain rating across the 
conditions, video observations revealed more positive affect and verbal 
responses while performing upper extremity exercises with both music and 
karaoke accompaniment.[73] Nayak et al.[69] examined the combination of 
music therapy with traditional stroke rehabilitation and also found that the 
addition of music therapy improved mood and social interaction. Participants 
who had suffered traumatic brain injury or stroke were placed in one of two 
conditions: standard rehabilitation or standard rehabilitation along with music 
therapy. Participants received three treatments per week for up to ten 
treatments. Therapists found that participants who received music therapy in 
conjunction with traditional methods had improved social interaction and 
mood.

Dementia[edit]
Alzheimer's disease and other types of dementia are among the disorders 
most commonly treated with music therapy. Like many of the other disorders 
mentioned, some of the most common significant effects are seen in social 
behaviors, leading to improvements in interaction, conversation, and other 
such skills. A meta-study of over 330 subjects showed music therapy 
produces highly significant improvements to social behaviors, overt 
behaviors like wandering and restlessness, reductions in agitated behaviors, 
and improvements to cognitive defects, measured with reality orientation and 
face recognition tests.[78] As with many studies of MT s effectiveness, these 
positive effects on Alzheimer's and other dementias are not homogeneous 
among all studies. The effectiveness of the treatment seems to be strongly 
dependent on the patient, the quality and length of treatment, and other 
similar factors.[79]

Another meta-study examined the proposed neurological mechanisms 
behind music therapy s effects on these patients. Many authors suspect that 
music has a soothing effect on the patient by affecting how noise is 
perceived: music renders noise familiar, or buffers the patient from 
overwhelming or extraneous noise in their environment. Others suggest that 
music serves as a sort of mediator for social interactions, providing a vessel 
through which to interact with others without requiring much cognitive load.
[79] Because Music has the ability to access multiple parts of the brain, 
music therapy is highly effective in providing therapeutic support for 
individuals with all types of dementia. Research indicates that the sections of 
the brain weakened by dementia can be supported and in some cases 
strengthened by other areas of the brain through musical activities. Musical 
ability and awareness is also one of the last functions to be compromised in 
an individual with dementia, which makes it an especially effective 
intervention, even in people with very late stage forms of the disease.[80] 
Music therapy is more than simply listening to or playing music. Through the 
use of evidence based interventions and clinical assessments, a music 
therapist works to improve the lives and abilities of individuals. These 
interventions can decrease anxiety, improve speech and self- expression, 
and a decrease in negative behaviors and isolation which are commonly 
found in individuals with dementia.[81] Common negative behaviors that 
correspond with dementia are depression and agitation. According to Dr. 
Mary S. Mittelman, the director of psychosocial research at Langone Medical 
Center, music therapy helped to decrease both of these negative 
substantially. The reason for this is because in the brain, the parts 
corresponding to music are preserved even through the effects of dementia. 
Due to these being preserved, residents who live their lives in a blur, find 
some clarity and familiarity through music. Thus creating lower levels of 
stress and agitation.[82]

Amnesia[edit]
Some symptoms of amnesia have been shown to be alleviated through 
various interactions with music, including playing and listening. One such 
case is that of Clive Wearing, whose severe retrograde and anterograde 
amnesia have been detailed in the documentaries Prisoner of 
Consciousness and The Man with the 7 Second Memory. Though unable to 
recall past memories or form new ones, Wearing is still able to play, conduct, 
and sing along with music learned prior to the onset of his amnesia, and 
even add improvisations and flourishes.[83]

Wearing s case reinforces the theory that episodic memory fundamentally 
differs from procedural or semantic memory. Sacks suggests that while 
Wearing is completely unable to recall events or episodes, musical 
performance (and the muscle memory involved) are a form of procedural 
memory that is not typically hindered in amnesia cases [Sacks]. Indeed, 
there is evidence that while episodic memory is reliant on the hippocampal 
formation, amnesiacs with damage to this area can show a loss of episodic 
memory accompanied by (partially) intact semantic memory.[84]

Aphasia[edit]
Melodic intonation therapy (MIT) is a commonly used method of treating 
aphasias, particularly those involving speech deficits (as opposed to reading 
or writing). MIT is a multi-stage treatment that involves committing words and 
speech rhythm to memory by incorporating them into song. The musical and 
rhythmic aspects are then separated from the speech and phased out, until 
the patient can speak normally. This method has slight variations between 
adult patients and child patients, but both follow the same basic structure.

While MIT is a commonly used therapy, research supporting its effectiveness 
is lacking. Some recent research suggests that the therapy s efficacy may 
stem more from the rhythmic components of the treatment rather than the 
melodic aspects.[85]

Psychiatric disorders[edit]
Schizophrenia[edit]
Music therapy is used with schizophrenic patients to ameliorate many of the 
symptoms of the disorder. Individual studies of patients undergoing music 
therapy showed diminished negative symptoms such as flattened affect, 
speech issues, and anhedonia and improved social symptoms such as 
increased conversation ability, reduced social isolation, and increased 
interest in external events.[86]

Meta-studies have confirmed many of these results, showing that music 
therapy in conjunction with standard care to be superior to standard care 
alone. Improvements were seen in negative symptoms, general mental state, 
depression, anxiety, and even cognitive functioning. These meta-studies 
have also shown, however, that these results can be inconsistent and that 
they depend heavily on both the quality and number of therapy sessions.
[87]

Depression[edit]
Music therapy has been found to have numerous significant outcomes for 
patients with major depressive disorder. A systematic review of five 
randomized trials found that people with depression generally accepted 
music therapy and was found to produce improvements in mood when 
compared to standard therapy.[88] Another study showed that MDD patients 
were better able to express their emotional states while listening to sad 
music than while listening to no music or to happy, angry, or scary music. 
The authors found that this therapy helped patients overcome verbal barriers 
to expressing emotion, which can assist therapists in successfully guiding 
treatment.[89]

Other studies have provided insight into the physiological interactions 
between music therapy and depression. Music has been shown to decrease 
significantly the levels of the stress hormone cortisol, leading to improved 
affect, mood and cognitive functioning. A study also found that music led to 
a shift in frontal lobe activity (as measured by EEG) in depressed 
adolescents. Music was shown to shift activity from the right frontal lobe to 
the left, a phenomenon associated with positive affect and mood.[90]

Usage by region[edit]
Africa[edit]
In 1999, the first program for music therapy in Africa opened in Pretoria, 
South Africa. Research has shown that in Tanzania patients can receive 
palliative care for life-threatening illnesses directly after the diagnosis of 
these illnesses. This is different from many Western countries, because they 
reserve palliative care for patients who have an incurable illness. Music is 
also viewed differently between Africa and Western countries. In Western 
countries and a majority of other countries throughout the world, music is 
traditionally seen as entertainment whereas in many African cultures, music 
is used in recounting stories, celebrating life events, or sending messages.
[91]

Australia[edit]
[icon]  This section requires expansion. (June 2011)
In Australia in 1949, music therapy (not clinical music therapy as understood 
today) was started through concerts organized by the Australian Red Cross 
along with a Red Cross Music Therapy Committee. The key Australian body, 
the Australian Music Therapy Association (AMTA), was founded in 1975.

Norway[edit]
Norway is widely recognised as an important country for music therapy 
research. Its two major research centres are the Center for Music and 
Health[92] with the Norwegian Academy of Music in Oslo, and the Grieg 
Academy Centre for Music Therapy (GAMUT),[93] at University of Bergen. 
The former was mostly developed by professor Even Ruud, while professor 
Brynjulf Stige is largely responsible for cultivating the latter. The centre in 
Bergen has 18 staff, including 2 professors and 4 associate professors, as 
well as lecturers and PhD students. Two of the field s major international 
research journals are based in Bergen: Nordic Journal for Music Therapy[94] 
and Voices: A World Forum for Music Therapy.[95] Norway s main 
contribution to the field is mostly in the area of "community music therapy", 
which tends to be as much oriented toward social work as individual 
psychotherapy, and music therapy research from this country uses a wide 
variety of methods to examine diverse methods across an array of social 
contexts, including community centres, medical clinics, retirement homes, 
and prisons.

United States[edit]
Music therapy has existed in its current form in the United States since 1944 
when the first undergraduate degree program in the world was begun at 
Michigan State University and the first graduate degree program was 
established at the University of Kansas. The American Music Therapy 
Association (AMTA) was founded in 1998 as a merger between the National 
Association for Music Therapy (NAMT, founded in 1950) and the American 
Association for Music Therapy (AAMT, founded in 1971). Numerous other 
national organizations exist, such as the Institute for Music and Neurologic 
Function, Nordoff-Robbins Center For Music Therapy, and the Association 
for Music and Imagery. Music therapists use ideas from different disciplines 
such as speech and language, physical therapy, medicine, nursing, and 
education.

A music therapy degree candidate can earn an undergraduate, master's or 
doctoral degree in music therapy. Many AMTA approved programs offer 
equivalency and certificate degrees in music therapy for students that have 
completed a degree in a related field. Some practicing music therapists have 
held PhDs in fields other than, but usually related to, music therapy. 
Recently, Temple University established a PhD program in music therapy. A 
music therapist typically incorporates music therapy techniques with broader 
clinical practices such as psychotherapy, rehabilitation, and other practices 
depending on client needs. Music therapy services rendered within the 
context of a social service, educational, or health care agency are often 
reimbursable by insurance and sources of funding for individuals with 
certain needs. Music therapy services have been identified as reimbursable 
under Medicaid, Medicare, private insurance plans and federal and state 
government programs.

A degree in music therapy requires proficiency in guitar, piano, voice, music 
theory, music history, reading music, improvisation, as well as varying levels 
of skill in assessment, documentation, and other counseling and health care 
skills depending on the focus of the particular university's program. A music 
therapist may hold the designations CMT (Certified Music Therapist), ACMT 
(Advanced Certified Music Therapist), or RMT (Registered Music Therapist)   
credentials previously conferred by the former national organizations AAMT 
and NAMT ; these credentials remain in force through 2020 and have not 
been available since 1998. The current credential available is MT-BC. To 
become board certified, a music therapist must complete a music therapy 
degree from an accredited AMTA program at a college or university, 
successfully complete a music therapy internship, and pass the Board 
Certification Examination in Music Therapy, administered through The 
Certification Board for Music Therapists. To maintain the credential, either 
100 units of continuing education must be completed every five years, or the 
board exam must be retaken near the end of the five-year cycle. The units 
claimed for credit fall under the purview of the Certification Board for Music 
Therapists. North Dakota, Nevada and Georgia have established licenses for 
music therapists. In the State of New York, the License for Creative Arts 
Therapies (LCAT) incorporates the music therapy credentials within their 
licensure.

United Kingdom[edit]
Live music was used in hospitals after both World Wars as part of the 
treatment program for recovering soldiers. Clinical music therapy in Britain 
as it is understood today was pioneered in the 1960s and 1970s by French 
cellist Juliette Alvin whose influence on the current generation of British 
music therapy lecturers remains strong. Mary Priestley, one of Juliette Alvin's 
students, created "analytical music therapy". The Nordoff-Robbins approach 
to music therapy developed from the work of Paul Nordoff and Clive Robbins 
in the 1950/60s.

Practitioners are registered with the Health Professions Council and, starting 
from 2007, new registrants must normally hold a master's degree in music 
therapy. There are master's level programs in music therapy in Manchester, 
Bristol, Cambridge, South Wales, Edinburgh and London, and there are 
therapists throughout the UK. The professional body in the UK is the British 
Association for Music Therapy[96] In 2002, the World Congress of Music 
Therapy, coordinated and promoted by the World Federation of Music 
Therapy, was held in Oxford on the theme of Dialogue and Debate.[97] In 
November 2006, Dr. Michael J. Crawford and his colleagues again found 
that music therapy helped the outcomes of schizophrenic patients.[98][99]

India[edit]
The roots of musical therapy in India, can be traced back to ancient Hindu 
mythology, Vedic texts, and local folk traditions.[100] It is very possible that 
music therapy has been used for hundreds of years in the Indian culture.

Suvarna Nalapat has studied music therapy in the Indian context. Her books 
Nadalayasindhu-Ragachikilsamrutam (2008), Music Therapy in Management 
Education and Administration (2008) and Ragachikitsa (2008) are accepted 
textbooks on music therapy and Indian arts.[101][102][103][104][105][106]

The "Music Therapy Trust of India" is yet another venture in the country. It 
was started by Margaret Lobo[107]

History[edit]
Music has been used as a healing implement for centuries.[55] Apollo is the 
ancient Greek god of music and of medicine. Aesculapius was said to cure 
diseases of the mind by using song and music, and music therapy was used 
in Egyptian temples. Plato said that music affected the emotions and could 
influence the character of an individual. Aristotle taught that music affects 
the soul and described music as a force that purified the emotions. Aulus 
Cornelius Celsus advocated the sound of cymbals and running water for the 
treatment of mental disorders. Music therapy was practiced in biblical times, 
when David played the harp to rid King Saul of a bad spirit.[108] As early as 
400 B.C., Hippocrates played music for mental patients. In the thirteenth 
century, Arab hospitals contained music-rooms for the benefit of the 
patients.[109] In the United States, Native American medicine men often 
employed chants and dances as a method of healing patients.[110] The 
Turco-Persian psychologist and music theorist al-Farabi (872 950), known as 
Alpharabius in Europe, dealt with music therapy in his treatise Meanings of 
the Intellect, in which he discussed the therapeutic effects of music on the 
soul.[111] Robert Burton wrote in the 17th century in his classic work, The 
Anatomy of Melancholy, that music and dance were critical in treating mental 
illness, especially melancholia.[112][113][114]ne record mentioning it has 
been found. A later reservoir pen was developed in 1636. In his Deliciae 
Physico-Mathematicae (1636), German inventor Daniel Schwenter described 
a pen made from two quills. One quill served as a reservoir for ink inside the 
other quill. The ink was sealed inside the quill with cork. Ink was squeezed 
through a small hole to the writing point. In 1809, Bartholomew Folsch 
received a patent in England for a pen with an ink reservoir.[12]

While a student in Paris, Romanian Petrache Poenaru invented the fountain 
pen, which the French Government patented in May 1827. Fountain pen 
patents and production then increased in the 1850s, especially steel pens 
produced by John Mitchell.

The first patent on a ballpoint pen was issued on October 30, 1888, to John 
J Loud.[13] In 1938, L szl  B r , a Hungarian newspaper editor, with the help 
of his brother George, a chemist, began to work on designing new types of 
pens including one with a tiny ball in its tip that was free to turn in a socket. 
As the pen moved along the paper, the ball rotated, picking up ink from the 
ink cartridge and leaving it on the paper. B r  filed a British patent on June 
15, 1938. In 1940 the B r  brothers and a friend, Juan Jorge Meyne, moved 
to Argentina fleeing Nazi Germany and on June 10, filed another patent, and 
formed B r  Pens of Argentina. By the summer of 1943 the first commercial 
models were available.[14] Erasable ballpoint pens were 
Stylus
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
This article is about a writing utensil. For the pointing device, see Stylus 
(computing). For other uses, see Stylus (disambiguation).
"Stylus pen" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Digital pen.

Wax tablet and a Roman stylus
A stylus, plural styli or styluses,[1][2] is a writing utensil, or a small tool for 
some other form of marking or shaping, for example in pottery. It can also be 
a computer accessory that is used to assist in navigating or providing more 
precision when using touchscreens. It usually refers to a narrow elongated 
staff, similar to a modern ballpoint pen. Many styluses are heavily curved to 
be held more easily. Another widely used writing tool is the stylus used by 
blind users in conjunction with the slate for punching out the dots in Braille.
[3]

Styluses were first used by the ancient Mesopotamians in order to write in 
cuneiform. Egyptians (Middle Kingdom) and the Minoans of Crete (Linear A 
and Cretan Hieroglyphic) made styluses in various materials: reeds that 
grew on the sides of the Tigris and Euphrates rivers and in marshes and 
down to Egypt where the Egyptians used styluses from sliced reeds with 
sharp points; bone and metal styluses were also used. Cuneiform was 
entirely based on the "wedge-shaped" mark that the end of a cut reed made 
when pushed into a clay tablet; from Latin cuneus = wedge. The linear 
writings of Crete in the first half of the second millennium BC which were 
made on clay tablets that were left to dry in the sun until they became 
"leather" hard before being incised by the stylus. The linear nature of the 
writing was also dictated by the use of the stylus.

In Western Europe styluses were widely used until the late Middle Ages. For 
learning purposes the stylus was gradually replaced by a writing slate. From 
the mid-14th century improved water-powered paper mills produced large 
and cheap quantities of paper and the wax tablet and stylus disappeared 
completely from daily life.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Etymology
2 Use in arts
3 Use in music recording and reproduction
4 Smartphones and computing
5 Scientific instruments
6 See also
7 References
Etymology[edit]

Examples of 4 Medieval styluses for writing on wax tablets. Two are made of 
iron, one brass and one bone stylus.
The word "stylus" (along with the word "style") comes from the Latin word 
stilus meaning: "a stake; a pointed instrument, used by the Romans, for 
writing upon wax tablets,"[4] which derives from the Greek word        
meaning "pillar" and "stile for writing on waxed tablets."[5] A different 
suggestion is that the word does not derive from the Greek word "      ", but 
that it has a common root with the Greek verb "     " (meaning "mark"). 
According to the 1875 London Dictionary of Greek & Roman Antiquities a 
Stylus is "an object tapering like an architectural column; a metal instrument 
resembling a pencil in size and shape, used for writing or recording 
impressions upon waxed tablets. It signifies:

"An iron instrument (Ov. Met. IX.521; Martial, XIV.21), resembling a pencil in 
size and shape, used for writing upon waxed tablets (Plaut. Bacch. IV.4.63; 
Plin. H.N. XXXIV.14). At one end it was sharpened to a point for scratching 
the characters upon the wax (Quintil. i.1  27), while the other end being flat 
and circular served to render the surface of the tablets smooth again, and so 
to obliterate what had been written. Thus, vertere stilum means to erase, 
and hence to correct, as in the well-known precept saepe stilum vertas (Hor. 
Sat. 1.10.72; Cic. Verr. II.41)."

There exists minor controversy about the correct pluralization of "stylus". 
Some assert that "stylus" is a direct loanword from Latin and should be 
pluralised as "styli". However, "stylus" is an English word based on the Latin 
word "stilus", and is more appropriately pluralised in English as "styluses". 
Occasionally the pluralisation "stylii" is seen.

Use in arts[edit]
Styluses are still used in various arts and crafts. Example situations: rubbing 
off dry transfer letters, tracing designs onto a new surface with carbon 
paper, and hand embossing. Styluses are also used to engrave into 
materials like metal or clay.

Styluses are used to make dots as found in folk art and Mexican pottery 
artifacts. Oaxaca dot art is created using styluses.

Use in music recording and reproduction[edit]

A gramophone cartridge with stylus for use on vinyl records, a late use of the 
stylus in audio
In the sound recording industry, a stylus is a phonograph or gramophone 
needle used to play back sound on gramophone records, as well as to 
record the sound indentations on the master record.

Several technologies were used to record the sounds, beginning with wax 
cylinders, almost half a century before the invention of the magnetic 
cartridge. Nowadays mostly vinyl records are used. When playing the 
record, the stylus is placed in the grooves of the record. By then spinning 
the record, the stylus start to vibrate caused by the shape of the grooves. 
These vibrations are then converted by the cartridge. The harder the material 
used for the record, the harder the stylus has to be in order to increase the 
quality of the sound and to decrease the wear of the needle.[6] For shellac 
records, a disposable stylus softer than the record was generally preferred 
for preservation of the recording. The styluses for playing vinyl records are 
made out of Sapphire or diamond. There are two common types of stylus: 
elliptical and spherical. Each contacts the groove differently than the other; 
the elliptical stylus allows for more groove contact, which increases fidelity, 
while the spherical stylus makes less contact with the groove, which yields a 
more sensitive stylus.

Smartphones and computing[edit]

Styluses for different PDAs
Main article: Stylus (computing)
Modern day devices, such as phones, can often be used with a stylus to 
accurately navigate through menus, send messages etc. Today, the term 
stylus often refers to an input tool usually used with touchscreen-enabled 
devices, such as Tablet PCs, to accurately navigate interface elements, send 
messages, etc. This also prevents smearing the screen with oils from one's 
fingers. Styluses may also be used for handwriting; or for drawing using 
graphics tablets.

Many new phones have a built-in stylus which tucks in behind the back 
cover. Some styluses may extend and contract into small, pen-like cylinders, 
which are easy to put away.

Styluses come in both passive and active versions. A passive or capacitive 
stylus is a stylus that acts just like a finger when touching a device screen. 
There is no electronic communication between a passive stylus and a 
device. The device cannot tell the difference between a finger and a passive 
stylus.

An active stylus includes electronic components that communicate with the 
touchscreen controller on a device. Active pens are typically used for note 
taking, on-screen drawing/painting, and electronic document annotation. As 
before, the stylus is pointed or rounded at one end and is made to fit in the 
grip of a hand comfortably. These styluses can be found in many different 
styles.

Palm Rejection: Since many modern tablets make use of multi-touch 
recognition, some stylus and app manufactures have created palm rejection 
technologies into their products. This works to turn off the multi-touch 
feature allowing the palm to rest on the tablet while still recognizing the 
stylus.

Scientific instruments[edit]
A stylus is also an instrument used to scribe a recording into smoked foil or 
glass. In various scientific instruments this method may be employed instead 
of a pen for recording as it has the advantage of being able to operate over a 
wide temperature range, does not clog or dry prematurely, and has very 
small friction in comparison to other methods. These characteristics were 
useful in certain types of early seismographs and in recording barographs 
that were once used to verify sailplane records. The styluses used in 
scanning tunneling microscopes have only a single atom at the tip; these are 
effectively the sharpest styluses possible.
Paper is a thin material produced by pressing together moist fibres of 
cellulose pulp derived from wood, rags or grasses, and drying them into 
flexible sheets. It is a versatile material with many uses, including writing, 
printing, packaging, cleaning, and a number of industrial and construction 
processes.

The pulp papermaking process is said to have been developed in China 
during the early 2nd century AD, possibly as early as the year 105 A.D.,[1] 
by the Han court eunuch Cai Lun, although the earliest archaeological 
fragments of paper derive from the 2nd century BC in China.[2] The modern 
pulp and paper industry is global, with China leading its production and the 
United States right behind it.

Contents  [hide] 
1 History
2 Etymology
3 Papermaking
3.1 Chemical pulping
3.2 Mechanical pulping
3.3 De-inked pulp
3.4 Additives
3.5 Producing paper
3.6 Finishing
4 Applications
5 Types, thickness and weight
6 Paper stability
7 Environmental impact of paper
8 Future of paper
9 See also
10  References and notes
11  Further reading
12  External links
History
Main article: History of paper

Hemp wrapping paper, China, circa 100 BC.
The oldest known archaeological fragments of the immediate precursor to 
modern paper, date to the 2nd century BC in China. The pulp papermaking 
process is ascribed to Cai Lun, a 2nd-century AD Han court eunuch.[2] With 
paper as an effective substitute for silk in many applications, China could 
export silk in greater quantity, contributing to a Golden Age.

Its knowledge and uses spread from China through the Middle East to 
medieval Europe in the 13th century, where the first water powered paper 
mills were built.[3] Because of paper's introduction to the West through the 
city of Baghdad, it was first called bagdatikos.[4] In the 19th century, 
industrial manufacture greatly lowered its cost, enabling mass exchange of 
information and contributing to significant cultural shifts. In 1844, the 
Canadian inventor Charles Fenerty and the German F. G. Keller 
independently developed processes for pulping wood fibres.[5]

Etymology
Further information: Papyrus
The word "paper" is etymologically derived from Latin papyrus, which comes 
from the Greek         (papuros), the word for the Cyperus papyrus plant.[6]
[7] Papyrus is a thick, paper-like material produced from the pith of the 
Cyperus papyrus plant, which was used in ancient Egypt and other 
Mediterranean cultures for writing before the introduction of paper into the 
Middle East and Europe.[8] Although the word paper is etymologically 
derived from papyrus, the two are produced very differently and the 
development of the first is distinct from the development of the second. 
Papyrus is a lamination of natural plant fibres, while paper is manufactured 
from fibres whose properties have been changed by maceration.[2]

Papermaking
Main article: Papermaking
Chemical pulping
Main articles: kraft process, sulfite process and soda pulping
To make pulp from wood, a chemical pulping process separates lignin from 
cellulose fibres. This is accomplished by dissolving lignin in a cooking liquor, 
so that it may be washed from the cellulose; this preserves the length of the 
cellulose fibres. Paper made from chemical pulps are also known as wood-
free papers not to be confused with tree-free paper; this is because they do 
not contain lignin, which deteriorates over time. The pulp can also be 
bleached to produce white paper, but this consumes 5% of the fibres; 
chemical pulping processes are not used to make paper made from cotton, 
which is already 90% cellulose.


The microscopic structure of paper: Micrograph of paper autofluorescing 
under ultraviolet illumination. The individual fibres in this sample are around 
10  m in diameter.
There are three main chemical pulping processes: the sulfite process dates 
back to the 1840s and it was the dominant method extent before the second 
world war. The kraft process, invented in the 1870s and first used in the 
1890s, is now the most commonly practiced strategy, one of its advantages 
is the chemical reaction with lignin, that produces heat, which can be used 
to run a generator. Most pulping operations using the kraft process are net 
contributors to the electricity grid or use the electricity to run an adjacent 
paper mill. Another advantage is that this process recovers and reuses all 
inorganic chemical reagents. Soda pulping is another specialty process 
used to pulp straws, bagasse and hardwoods with high silicate content.

Mechanical pulping
There are two major mechanical pulps, the thermomechanical one (TMP) 
and groundwood pulp (GW). In the TMP process, wood is chipped and then 
fed into large steam heated refiners, where the chips are squeezed and 
converted to fibres between two steel discs. In the groundwood process, 
debarked logs are fed into grinders where they are pressed against rotating 
stones to be made into fibres. Mechanical pulping does not remove the 
lignin, so the yield is very high, >95%, however it causes the paper thus 
produced to turn yellow and become brittle over time. Mechanical pulps 
have rather short fibres, thus producing weak paper. Although large 
amounts of electrical energy are required to produce mechanical pulp, it 
costs less than the chemical kind.

De-inked pulp
Main article: de-inking
Paper recycling processes can use either chemically or mechanically 
produced pulp; by mixing it with water and applying mechanical action the 
hydrogen bonds in the paper can be broken and fibres separated again. 
Most recycled paper contains a proportion of virgin fibre for the sake of 
quality; generally speaking, de-inked pulp is of the same quality or lower 
than the collected paper it was made from.

There are three main classifications of recycled fibre:.

Mill broke or internal mill waste   This incorporates any substandard or 
grade-change paper made within the paper mill itself, which then goes back 
into the manufacturing system to be re-pulped back into paper. Such out-
of-specification paper is not sold and is therefore often not classified as 
genuine reclaimed recycled fibre, however most paper mills have been 
reusing their own waste fibre for many years, long before recycling become 
popular.
Preconsumer waste   This is offcut and processing waste, such as guillotine 
trims and envelope blank waste; it is generated outside the paper mill and 
could potentially go to landfill, and is a genuine recycled fibre source; it 
includes de-inked preconsumer (recycled material that has been printed but 
did not reach its intended end use, such as waste from printers and unsold 
publications).[9]
Postconsumer waste   This is fibre from paper that has been used for its 
intended end use and includes office waste, magazine papers and 
newsprint. As the vast majority of this material has been printed   either 
digitally or by more conventional means such as lithography or rotogravure   
it will either be recycled as printed paper or go through a de-inking process 
first.
Recycled papers can be made from 100% recycled materials or blended with 
virgin pulp, although they are (generally) not as strong nor as bright as 
papers made from the latter.

Additives
Besides the fibres, pulps may contain fillers such as chalk or china clay, 
which improve its characteristics for printing or writing. Additives for sizing 
purposes may be mixed with it and/or applied to the paper web later in the 
manufacturing process; the purpose of such sizing is to establish the correct 
level of surface absorbency to suit ink or paint.

Producing paper
Main articles: Paper machine and papermaking
The pulp is fed to a paper machine where it is formed as a paper web and 
the water is removed from it by pressing and drying.

Pressing the sheet removes the water by force; once the water is forced from 
the sheet, a special kind of felt, which is not to be confused with the 
traditional one, is used to collect the water; whereas when making paper by 
hand, a blotter sheet is used instead.

Drying involves using air and/or heat to remove water from the paper sheets; 
in the earliest days of paper making this was done by hanging the sheets 
like laundry; in more modern times various forms of heated drying 
mechanisms are used. On the paper machine the most common is the 
steam heated can dryer. These can reach temperatures above 200  F (93  C) 
and are used in long sequences of more than 40 cans; where the heat 
produced by these can easily dry the paper to less than 6% moisture.

Finishing
The paper may then undergo sizing to alter its physical properties for use in 
various applications.

Paper at this point is uncoated. Coated paper has a thin layer of material 
such as calcium carbonate or china clay applied to one or both sides in 
order to create a surface more suitable for high-resolution halftone screens. 
(Uncoated papers are rarely suitable for screens above 150 lpi.) Coated or 
uncoated papers may have their surfaces polished by calendering. Coated 
papers are divided into matte, semi-matte or silk, and gloss. Gloss papers 
give the highest optical density in the printed image.

The paper is then fed onto reels if it is to be used on web printing presses, 
or cut into sheets for other printing processes or other purposes. The fibres 
in the paper basically run in the machine direction. Sheets are usually cut 
"long-grain", i.e. with the grain parallel to the longer dimension of the sheet.

All paper produced by paper machines as the Fourdrinier Machine are wove 
paper, i.e. the wire mesh that transports the web leaves a pattern that has 
the same density along the paper grain and across the grain. Textured 
finishes, watermarks and wire patterns imitating hand-made laid paper can 
be created by the use of appropriate rollers in the later stages of the 
machine.

Wove paper does not exhibit "laidlines", which are small regular lines left 
behind on paper when it was handmade in a mould made from rows of 
metal wires or bamboo. Laidlines are very close together. They run 
perpendicular to the "chainlines", which are further apart. Handmade paper 
similarly exhibits "deckle edges", or rough and feathery borders.[10]

Applications
Paper can be produced with a wide variety of properties, depending on its 
intended use.

For representing value: paper money, bank note, cheque, security (see 
security paper), voucher and ticket
For storing information: book, notebook, magazine, newspaper, art, zine, 
letter
For personal use: diary, note to remind oneself, etc.; for temporary personal 
use: scratch paper
For communication: between individuals and/or groups of people.
For packaging: corrugated box, paper bag, envelope, Packing & Wrapping 
Paper, Paper string, Charta emporetica and wallpaper
For cleaning: toilet paper, handkerchiefs, paper towels, facial tissue and cat 
litter
For construction: papier-m ch , origami, paper planes, quilling, paper 
honeycomb, used as a core material in composite materials, paper 
engineering, construction paper and paper clothing
For other uses: emery paper, sandpaper, blotting paper, litmus paper, 
universal indicator paper, paper chromatography, electrical insulation paper 
(see also dielectric and permittivity) and filter paper
Types, thickness and weight
Main articles: Paper size, Grammage and Paper density

Card and paper stock for crafts use comes in a wide variety of textures and 
colors.
The thickness of paper is often measured by caliper, which is typically given 
in thousandths of an inch in the United States and in thousandths of a mm 
in the rest of the world.[11] Paper may be between 0.07 and 0.18 millimetres 
(0.0028 and 0.0071 in) thick.[12]

Paper is often characterized by weight. In the United States, the weight 
assigned to a paper is the weight of a ream, 500 sheets, of varying "basic 
sizes", before the paper is cut into the size it is sold to end customers. For 
example, a ream of 20 lb, 8.5 in   11 in (216 mm   279 mm) paper weighs 5 
pounds, because it has been cut from a larger sheet into four pieces.[13] In 
the United States, printing paper is generally 20 lb, 24 lb, or 32 lb at most. 
Cover stock is generally 68 lb, and 110 lb or more is considered card stock.

In Europe, and other regions using the ISO 216 paper sizing system, the 
weight is expressed in grammes per square metre (g/m2 or usually just g) of 
the paper. Printing paper is generally between 60 g and 120 g. Anything 
heavier than 160 g is considered card. The weight of a ream therefore 
depends on the dimensions of the paper and its thickness.

Most commercial paper sold in North America is cut to standard paper sizes 
based on customary units and is defined by the length and width of a sheet 
of paper.

The ISO 216 system used in most other countries is based on the surface 
area of a sheet of paper, not on a sheet's width and length. It was first 
adopted in Germany in 1922 and generally spread as nations adopted the 
metric system. The largest standard size paper is A0 (A zero), measuring 
one square meter (approx. 1189   841 mm). Two sheets of A1, placed upright 
side by side fit exactly into one sheet of A0 laid on its side. Similarly, two 
sheets of A2 fit into one sheet of A1 and so forth. Common sizes used in the 
office and the home are A4 and A3 (A3 is the size of two A4 sheets).

The density of paper ranges from 250 kg/m3 (16 lb/cu ft) for tissue paper to 
1,500 kg/m3 (94 lb/cu ft) for some speciality paper. Printing paper is about 
800 kg/m3 (50 lb/cu ft).[14]

Paper may be classified into seven categories:[15]

Printing papers of wide variety.
Wrapping papers for the protection of goods and merchandise. This 
includes wax and kraft papers.
Writing paper suitable for stationery requirements. This includes ledger, 
bank, and bond paper.
Blotting papers containing little or no size.
Drawing papers usually with rough surfaces used by artists and designers, 
including cartridge paper.
Handmade papers including most decorative papers, Ingres papers, 
Japanese paper and tissues, all characterized by lack of grain direction.
Specialty papers including cigarette paper, toilet tissue, and other industrial 
papers.
Some paper types include:

Bank paper
Banana paper
Bond paper
Book paper
Coated paper: glossy and matte surface
Construction paper/sugar paper
Cotton paper
Fish paper (vulcanized fibres for electrical insulation)
Inkjet paper
Kraft paper
Laid paper
Leather paper
Mummy paper
Oak Tag Paper
Sandpaper
Tyvek paper
Wallpaper
Washi
Waterproof paper
Wax paper
Wove paper
Xuan paper
Paper stability
Much of the early paper made from wood pulp contained significant amounts 
of alum, a variety of aluminium sulfate salts that is significantly acidic. Alum 
was added to paper to assist in sizing,[16] making it somewhat water 
resistant so that inks did not "run" or spread uncontrollably. Early 
papermakers did not realize that the alum they added liberally to cure 
almost every problem encountered in making their product would eventually 
be detrimental.[17] The cellulose fibres that make up paper are hydrolyzed 
by acid, and the presence of alum would eventually degrade the fibres until 
the paper disintegrated in a process that has come to be known as "slow 
fire". Documents written on rag paper were significantly more stable. The 
use of non-acidic additives to make paper is becoming more prevalent, and 
the stability of these papers is less of an issue.

Paper made from mechanical pulp contains significant amounts of lignin, a 
major component in wood. In the presence of light and oxygen, lignin reacts 
to give yellow materials,[18] which is why newsprint and other mechanical 
paper yellows with age. Paper made from bleached kraft or sulfite pulps 
does not contain significant amounts of lignin and is therefore better suited 
for books, documents and other applications where whiteness of the paper 
is essential.

Paper made from wood pulp is not necessarily less durable than a rag 
paper. The ageing behavior of a paper is determined by its manufacture, not 
the original source of the fibres.[19] Furthermore, tests sponsored by the 
Library of Congress prove that all paper is at risk of acid decay, because 
cellulose itself produces formic, acetic, lactic and oxalic acids.[20]

Mechanical pulping yields almost a tonne of pulp per tonne of dry wood 
used, which is why mechanical pulps are sometimes referred to as "high 
yield" pulps. With almost twice the yield as chemical pulping, mechanical 
pulps is often cheaper. Mass-market paperback books and newspapers tend 
to use mechanical papers. Book publishers tend to use acid-free paper, 
made from fully bleached chemical pulps for hardback and trade paperback 
books.

Environmental impact of paper
Main articles: Environmental impact of paper, Paper pollution and 
Deforestation
The production and use of paper has a number of adverse effects on the 
environment.

Worldwide consumption of paper has risen by 400% in the past 40 years 
leading to increase in deforestation, with 35% of harvested trees being used 
for paper manufacture. Most paper companies also plant trees to help 
regrow forests. Logging of old growth forests accounts for less than 10% of 
wood pulp,[21] but is one of the most controversial issues.

Paper waste accounts for up to 40% of total waste produced in the United 
States each year, which adds up to 71.6 million tons of paper waste per year 
in the United States alone.[22] The average office worker in the US prints 31 
pages every day.[23] Americans also use on the order of 16 billion paper 
cups per year.

Conventional bleaching of wood pulp using elemental chlorine produces and 
releases into the environment large amounts of chlorinated organic 
compounds, including chlorinated dioxins.[24] Dioxins are recognized as a 
persistent environmental pollutant, regulated internationally by the 
Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants. Dioxins are highly 
toxic, and health effects on humans include reproductive, developmental, 
immune and hormonal problems. They are known to be carcinogenic. Over 
90% of human exposure is through food, primarily meat, dairy, fish and 
shellfish, as dioxins accumulate in the food chain in the fatty tissue of 
animals.[25]

Future of paper
Some manufacturers have started using a new, significantly more 
environmentally friendly alternative to expanded plastic packaging. Made out 
of paper, and known commercially as paperfoam, the new packaging has 
very similar mechanical properties to some expanded plastic packaging, but 
is biodegradable and can also be recycled with ordinary paper.[26]

With increasing environmental concerns about synthetic coatings (such as 
PFOA) and the higher prices of hydrocarbon based petrochemicals, there is 
a focus on zein (corn protein) as a coating for paper in high grease 
applications such as popcorn bags.[27]

Also, synthetics such as Tyvek and Teslin have been introduced as printing 
media as a more durable material than paper.

rtist
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
For other uses, see Artist (disambiguation).

Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, German artist known for his works of poetry, 
drama, prose, philosophy, visual arts, and science.
An artist is a person engaged in one or more of any of a broad spectrum of 
activities related to creating art, practicing the arts, and/or demonstrating an 
art. The common usage in both everyday speech and academic discourse is 
a practitioner in the visual arts only. The term is often used in the 
entertainment business, especially in a business context, for musicians and 
other performers (less often for actors). "Artiste" (the French for artist) is a 
variant used in English only in this context. Use of the term to describe 
writers, for example, is valid, but less common, and mostly restricted to 
contexts like criticism.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Dictionary definitions
2 History of the term
3 The present day concept of an 'artist'
4 Examples of art and artists
5 See also
6 Notes
7 References
Dictionary definitions[edit]
Wiktionary defines the noun 'artist' (Singular: artist; Plural: artists) as follows:

A person who creates art.
A person who makes and creates art as an occupation.
A person who is skilled at some activity.
A person whose trade or profession requires a knowledge of design, 
drawing, painting, etc.
The Oxford English Dictionary defines the older broad meanings of the term 
"artist":

A learned person or Master of Arts
One who pursues a practical science, traditionally medicine, astrology, 
alchemy, chemistry
A follower of a pursuit in which skill comes by study or practice
A follower of a manual art, such as a mechanic
One who makes their craft a fine art
One who cultivates one of the fine arts   traditionally the arts presided over 
by the muses
History of the term[edit]
The Greek word "techn ", often translated as "art," implies mastery of any 
sort of craft. The adjectival Latin form of the word, "technicus",[1] became 
the source of the English words technique, technology, technical.

In Greek culture each of the nine Muses oversaw a different field of human 
creation:

Calliope (the 'beautiful of speech'): chief of the muses and muse of epic or 
heroic poetry
Clio (the 'glorious one'): muse of history
Erato (the 'amorous one'): muse of love or erotic poetry, lyrics, and marriage 
songs
Euterpe (the 'well-pleasing'): muse of music and lyric poetry
Melpomene (the 'chanting one'): muse of tragedy
Polyhymnia or Polymnia (the '[singer] of many hymns'): muse of sacred 
song, oratory, lyric, singing, and rhetoric
Terpsichore (the '[one who] delights in dance'): muse of choral song and 
dance
Thalia (the 'blossoming one'): muse of comedy and bucolic poetry
Urania (the 'celestial one'): muse of astronomy
No muse was identified with the visual arts of painting and sculpture. In 
ancient Greece sculptors and painters were held in low regard, somewhere 
between freemen and slaves, their work regarded as mere manual labour.[2]

The word art derives from the Latin "ars" (stem art-), which, although literally 
defined, means "skill method" or "technique", and conveys a connotation of 
beauty.

During the Middle Ages the word artist already existed in some countries 
such as Italy, but the meaning was something resembling craftsman, while 
the word artesan was still unknown. An artist was someone able to do a work 
better than others, so the skilled excellency was underlined, rather than the 
activity field. In this period some "artisanal" products (such as textiles) were 
much more precious and expensive than paintings or sculptures.

The first division into major and minor arts dates back at least to the works of 
Leon Battista Alberti (1404 1472): De re aedificatoria, De statua, De pictura, 
which focused on the importance of the intellectual skills of the artist rather 
than the manual skills (even if in other forms of art there was a project 
behind).[3]

With the Academies in Europe (second half of 16th century) the gap 
between fine and applied arts was definitely set.

Many contemporary definitions of "artist" and "art" are highly contingent on 
culture, resisting aesthetic prescription, in much the same way that the 
features constituting beauty and the beautiful cannot be standardized easily 
without corruption into kitsch.

The present day concept of an 'artist'[edit]
Artist is a descriptive term applied to a person who engages in an activity 
deemed to be an art. An artist also may be defined unofficially as "a person 
who expresses him- or herself through a medium". The word is also used in 
a qualitative sense of, a person creative in, innovative in, or adept at, an 
artistic practice.

Most often, the term describes those who create within a context of the fine 
arts or 'high culture', activities such as drawing, painting, sculpture, acting, 
dancing, writing, filmmaking, new media, photography, and music people 
who use imagination, talent, or skill to create works that may be judged to 
have an aesthetic value. Art historians and critics define artists as those who 
produce art within a recognized or recognizable discipline. Contrasting terms 
for highly skilled workers in media in the applied arts or decorative arts 
include artisan, craftsman, and specialized terms such as potter, goldsmith 
or glassblower. Fine arts artists such as painters succeeded in the 
Renaissance in raising their status, formerly similar to these workers, to a 
decisively higher level, but in the 20th century the distinction became rather 
less relevant[citation needed].

The term may also be used loosely or metaphorically to denote highly skilled 
people in any non-"art" activities, as well  law, medicine, mechanics, or 
mathematics, for example.

Often, discussions on the subject focus on the differences among "artist" 
and "technician", "entertainer" and "artisan", "fine art" and "applied art", or 
what constitutes art and what does not. The French word artiste (which in 
French, simply means "artist") has been imported into the English language 
where it means a performer (frequently in Music Hall or Vaudeville). Use of 
the word "artiste" can also be a pejorative term.[4]

The English word 'artiste' has thus a narrower range of meaning than the 
word 'artiste' in French.

In Living with Art,[citation needed] Mark Getlein proposes six activities, 
services or functions of contemporary artists:

Create places for some human purpose.
Create extraordinary versions of ordinary objects.
Record and commemorate.
Give tangible form to the unknown.
Give tangible form to feelings.
Refresh our vision and help see the world in new ways.
After looking at years of data on arts school graduates as well as policies & 
program outcomes regarding artists, arts, & culture, Elizabeth Lingo and 
Steven Tepper propose the divide between "arts for art's sake" artists and 
commercially successful artists is not as wide as may be perceived, and that 
"this bifurcation between the commercial and the noncommercial, the 
excellent and the base, the elite and the popular, is increasingly breaking 
down" (Eikhof & Haunschild, 2007). Lingo and Tepper point out:[5]

arts consumers don't restrict themselves to either "high" or "common" arts; 
instead, they demonstrate "omnivorous tastes, liking both reggae and 
Rachmaninoff" (Peterson & Kern, 1996; Walker & Scott-Melnyk, 2002)
data indicates "artists are willing to move across sectors and no longer see 
working outside the commercial sector as a badge of distinction or 
authenticity" (Bridgstock, 2013; Ellmeier, 2003)
academic, policy, and government leaders are adapting widening programs 
& opportunities in recognition of "the role of artists as drivers of economic 
growth and innovation" (Bohm & Land, 2009; DCMS, 2006, 2008; Florida, 
2012; Hesmondhalgh & Baker, 2010; Lloyd, 2010; Iyengar, 2013).
arts graduates name "business and management skills" as the "number one 
area [they] wish they had been more exposed to in college" (Strategic 
National Arts Alumni Project [SNAAP], 2011; Tepper & Kuh, 2010).[6]
Examples of art and artists[edit]
Abstract Art: Wassily Kandinsky
Abstract expressionism: Jackson Pollock
Action painting: Willem de Kooning
Actor: Marlon Brando
Actress: Greta Garbo
Animation: Chuck Jones
Appropriation art: Marcel Duchamp
Architect: I.M. Pei
Art Deco: Ert 
Art Nouveau: Louis Comfort Tiffany
Assemblage: Joseph Cornell
Ballet: Margot Fonteyn
Baroque Art: Caravaggio
BioArt: Hunter Cole
Book artist: Carol Barton
Calligraphy: Rudolf Koch
Cartoons: Carl Barks
Caricature: Honor  Daumier
Ceramic art: Peter Voulkos
Choreography: Martha Graham
Collage: Hannah H ch
Color Field: Mark Rothko
Colorist: Josef Albers
Comedy: Charlie Chaplin
Comics: Will Eisner
Composing: Giuseppe Verdi
Conceptual art: Sol LeWitt
Cubism: Pablo Picasso
Dada: Man Ray
Dance: Isadora Duncan
Decollage: Mimmo Rotella
Design: Arne Jacobsen
Digital art: David Em
Doll Maker: Greer Lankton
Etching: Csaba Markus
Expressionism: Edvard Munch
Fashion design: Yves Saint Laurent
Fashion illustration: Joel Resnicoff
Fauvist: Henri Matisse
Fiction writing: Virginia Woolf
Film director: Jean-Luc Godard
Fluxus: George Maciunas
Fumage: Burhan Dogancay
Video game design: Peter Molyneux
Geometric abstraction: Piet Mondrian
Genius: Leonardo da Vinci
Graphic design: Milton Glaser
Happening: Allan Kaprow
Hard-edge painting: Theo van Doesburg
Horticulture: Andr  le N tre
Illustrations: Quentin Blake
Impressionist: Claude Monet
Industrial design: Frank Lloyd Wright
Installation art: Christo and Jeanne-Claude
Instrumental performance: Andr  Rieu
Internet art: Aaron Koblin
Jewelry: Faberg 
Landscape architecture: Frederick Law Olmsted
Landscape art: John Constable
Light art: Dan Flavin
Mail art: Ray Johnson
Minimalist art: Donald Judd
Mosaics: Elaine M Goodwin
Murals: Diego Rivera
Musical Composer: Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Musical instrument assemblage: Stradivari
Musical Theatre: Stephen Sondheim
Musician: John Lennon
Neo-impressionism: Paul Signac
Neo-figurative: Ver nica Ruiz de Velasco
New Media art: Ken Feingold
Non Fiction writing: Germaine Greer
Op Art: Bridget Riley
Oration: Cicero
Ornithology: John James Audubon
Outsider art: Howard Finster
Painting: Rembrandt van Rijn
Performance Art: Carolee Schneemann
Performer: Al Jolson
Photography: Ansel Adams
Playwriting: Edward Albee
Poetry: Emily Dickinson
Pointillism: Georges Seurat
Pop Art: Andy Warhol
Posters: Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec
Post-Impressionism: Vincent van Gogh
Pottery: Bernard Leach
Printmaking: Albrecht D rer
Puppetry: Jim Henson
Realism: Ilya Repin
Renaissance art: Michelangelo Buonarroti
Rococo: Antoine Watteau
Sculpture: Auguste Rodin
Singing: Odetta
Songwriting: Joni Mitchell
Stand Up Comedy: Richard Pryor
Street Art: Banksy
Suprematism: Kazimir Malevich
Surrealism: Salvador Dali
Theatre: William Shakespeare
Theatre Arts: Robert Edmond Jones
Theatre Director: Peter Brook
Tragedy: Sophocles
Typography: Eric Gill
Ukiyo-e: Hokusai
Vedette: Susana Gimenez
Video Art: Bill Viola
See also[edit]
Portal icon Arts portal
Art
Art history
Arts by region
Artist in Residence
Fine art
Humanities
List of painters by name
List of painters
List of composers
List of sculptors
Mathematics and art
Social sciences

Applied arts
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

The application of color to these glass cups is an act of applied art since 
they did not need any colour at all to perform their function.

This street-sweeping machine appears to have been streamlined for purely 
aesthetic purposes, since it moves only at the walking pace of the operator.

The Normandie Hotel, in San Juan, Puerto Rico, was inspired by the ocean 
liner SS Normandie. The streamlining of static objects was a common theme 
in Art Deco architecture.
The applied arts are the application of design and decoration to everyday 
objects to make them aesthetically pleasing.[1] The term is applied in 
distinction to the fine arts which aims to produce objects which are beautiful 
and/or provide intellectual stimulation. In practice, the two often overlap.

The fields of industrial design, graphic design, fashion design, interior 
design and the decorative arts are considered applied arts. In a creative 
and/or abstract context, the fields of architecture and photography are also 
considered applied arts.[citation needed]

Contents  [hide] 
1 Movements
2 Museums of Applied Arts
3 See also
4 References
5 Further reading
Movements[edit]
Art Deco
Art Nouveau
Arts and Crafts Movement
Bauhaus
Museums of Applied Arts[edit]
Bauhaus Archive
Die Neue Sammlung, Germany
Leipzig Museum of Applied Arts, Germany
Martin-Gropius-Bau- The School of the Arts at Columbia University offers 
MFA degrees in Film, Theatre Arts, Visual Arts and Writing, an MA degree in 
Film Studies, a joint JD/MFA degree in Theatre Management & Producing, 
and a PhD degree in Theatre History, Literature and Theory.[23]
Juilliard School, New York, NY - is a performing arts conservatory 
established in 1905 it educates and trains undergraduate and graduate 
students in dance, drama, and music. It is widely regarded as one of the 
world's leading music schools, with some of the most prestigious arts 
programs.[24][25][26]

Museum of Applied Arts (Belgrade), Serbia
Museum of Applied Arts (Budapest), Hungary
Museum f r angewandte Kunst Frankfurt, Germany
Museum f r Angewandte Kunst (Cologne), Germany
Museum f r angewandte Kunst Wien, Austria
Museum of Contemporary Design and Applied Arts (MUDAC), Lausanne, 
Switzerland
Powerhouse Museum, Sydney
Stieglitz Museum of Applied Arts (Saint Petersburg), Russia
Prague Museum of Decorative Arts (Prague), Czech Republic
Victoria and Albert Museum, London
See also[edit]
introduced by Papermate in 1979 when the Erasermate was put on the 
Design is the creation of a plan or convention for the construction of an 
object or a system (as in architectural blueprints, engineering drawings, 
business processes, circuit diagrams and sewing patterns).[1] Design has 
different connotations in different fields (see design disciplines below). In 
some cases the direct construction of an object (as in pottery, engineering, 
management, cowboy coding and graphic design) is also considered to be 
design.

Designing often necessitates considering the aesthetic, functional, economic 
and sociopolitical dimensions of both the design object and design process. 
It may involve considerable research, thought, modeling, interactive 
adjustment, and re-design. Meanwhile, diverse kinds of objects may be 
designed, including clothing, graphical user interfaces, skyscrapers, 
corporate identities, business processes and even methods of designing.[2]

Thus "design" may be a substantive referring to a categorical abstraction of 
a created thing or things (the design of something), or a verb for the process 
of creation, as is made clear by grammatical context.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Definitions
2 Design as a process
2.1 The Rational Model
2.1.1 Example sequence of stages
2.1.2 Criticism of the Rational Model
2.2 The Action-Centric Model
2.2.1 Descriptions of design activities
3 Design disciplines
4 Philosophies and studies of design
4.1 Philosophies for guiding design
4.2 Approaches to design
4.3 Methods of designing
5 Terminology
5.1 Design and art
5.2 Design and engineering
5.3 Design and production
5.4 Process design
6 See also
7 Footnotes
8 Bibliography
Definitions[edit]
More formally design has been defined as follows.

(noun) a specification of an object, manifested by an agent, intended to 
accomplish goals, in a particular environment, using a set of primitive 
components, satisfying a set of requirements, subject to constraints;
(verb, transitive) to create a design, in an environment (where the designer 
operates)[3]
Another definition for design is a roadmap or a strategic approach for 
someone to achieve a unique expectation. It defines the specifications, 
plans, parameters, costs, activities, processes and how and what to do 
within legal, political, social, environmental, safety and economic constraints 
in achieving that objective.[4]

Here, a "specification" can be manifested as either a plan or a finished 
product, and "primitives" are the elements from which the design object is 
composed.

With such a broad denotation, there is no universal language or unifying 
institution for designers of all disciplines. This allows for many differing 
philosophies and approaches toward the subject (see Philosophies and 
studies of design, below).

The person designing is called a designer, which is also a term used for 
people who work professionally in one of the various design areas, usually 
also specifying which area is being dealt with (such as a fashion designer, 
concept designer or web designer). A designer's sequence of activities is 
called a design process. The scientific study of design is called design 
science.[5][6][7][8]

Design as a process[edit]
Substantial disagreement exists concerning how designers in many fields, 
whether amateur or professional, alone or in teams, produce designs. Dorst 
and Dijkhuis argued that "there are many ways of describing design 
processes" and discussed "two basic and fundamentally different ways",[9] 
both of which have several names. The prevailing view has been called "The 
Rational Model",[10] "Technical Problem Solving"[11] and "The Reason-
Centric Perspective".[12] The alternative view has been called "Reflection-
in-Action",[11] "Evolutionary Design",[8] "co-evolution"[13] and "The Action-
Centric Perspective".[12]

The Rational Model[edit]
The Rational Model was independently developed by Simon[14] and Pahl 
and Beitz.[15] It posits that:

designers attempt to optimize a design candidate for known constraints and 
objectives,
the design process is plan-driven,
the design process is understood in terms of a discrete sequence of stages.
The Rational Model is based on a rationalist philosophy[10] and underlies 
the waterfall model,[16] systems development life cycle[17] and much of the 
engineering design literature.[18] According to the rationalist philosophy, 
design is informed by research and knowledge in a predictable and 
controlled manner. Technical rationality is at the center of the process.
[citation needed]

Example sequence of stages[edit]
Typical stages consistent with The Rational Model include the following.

Pre-production design
Design brief or Parti pris   an early (often the beginning) statement of design 
goals
Analysis   analysis of current design goals
Research   investigating similar design solutions in the field or related topics
Specification   specifying requirements of a design solution for a product 
(product design specification)[19] or service.
Problem solving   conceptualizing and documenting design solutions
Presentation   presenting design solutions
Design during production
Development   continuation and improvement of a designed solution
Testing   in situ testing a designed solution
Post-production design feedback for future designs
Implementation   introducing the designed solution into the environment
Evaluation and conclusion   summary of process and results, including 
constructive criticism and suggestions for future improvements
Redesign   any or all stages in the design process repeated (with corrections 
made) at any time before, during, or after production.
Each stage has many associated best practices.[20]

Criticism of the Rational Model[edit]
The Rational Model has been widely criticized on two primary grounds

Designers do not work this way   extensive empirical evidence has 
demonstrated that designers do not act as the rational model suggests.[21]
Unrealistic assumptions   goals are often unknown when a design project 
begins, and the requirements and constraints continue to change.[22]
The Action-Centric Model[edit]
The Action-Centric Perspective is a label given to a collection of interrelated 
concepts, which are antithetical to The Rational Model.[12] It posits that:

designers use creativity and emotion to generate design candidates,
the design process is improvised,
no universal sequence of stages is apparent   analysis, design and 
implementation are contemporary and inextricably linked[12]
The Action-Centric Perspective is based on an empiricist philosophy and 
broadly consistent with the Agile approach[23] and amethodical 
development.[24] Substantial empirical evidence supports the veracity of this 
perspective in describing the actions of real designers.[21] Like the Rational 
Model, the Action-Centric model sees design as informed by research and 
knowledge. However, research and knowledge are brought into the design 
process through the judgment and common sense of designers   by 
designers "thinking on their feet"   more than through the predictable and 
controlled process stipulated by the Rational Model. Designers' context-
dependent experience and professional judgment take center stage more 
than technical rationality.[citation needed]

Descriptions of design activities[edit]
At least two views of design activity are consistent with the Action-Centric 
Perspective. Both involve three basic activities.

In the Reflection-in-Action paradigm, designers alternate between "framing", 
"making moves", and "evaluate moves." "Framing" refers to conceptualizing 
the problem, i.e., defining goals and objectives. A "move" is a tentative 
design decision. The evaluation process may lead to further moves in the 
design.[11]

In the Sensemaking-Coevolution-Implementation Framework, designers 
alternate between its three titular activities. Sensemaking includes both 
framing and evaluating moves. Implementation is the process of constructing 
the design object. Coevolution is "the process where the design agent 
simultaneously refines its mental picture of the design object based on its 
mental picture of the context, and vice versa."[25]

The concept of the Design Cycle is understood as a circular time structure,
[26] which may start with the thinking of an idea, then expressing it by the 
use of visual and/or verbal means of communication (design tools), the 
sharing and perceiving of the expressed idea, and finally starting a new 
cycle with the critical rethinking of the perceived idea. Anderson points out 
that this concept emphasizes the importance of the means of expression, 
which at the same time are means of perception of any design ideas.[27]

Design disciplines[edit]
Applied arts
Architecture
Automotive design
Biological design
Communication design
Configuration design
Engineering design
Environmental graphic design
Fashion design
Game design
Graphic design
Information architecture
Industrial design
Instructional design
Interaction design
Interior design
Landscape architecture
Lighting design
Military design methodology[28]
Modular design
Motion graphic design
Product design
Process design
Service design
Software design
Sound design
Systems architecture
Systems design
Systems modeling
Transition design
Urban design
User experience design
Visual design
Web design
Philosophies and studies of design[edit]
There are countless philosophies for guiding design as the design values 
and its accompanying aspects within modern design vary, both between 
different schools of thought and among practicing designers.[29] Design 
philosophies are usually for determining design goals. A design goal may 
range from solving the least significant individual problem of the smallest 
element, to the most holistic influential utopian goals. Design goals are 
usually for guiding design. However, conflicts over immediate and minor 
goals may lead to questioning the purpose of design, perhaps to set better 
long term or ultimate goals.

Philosophies for guiding design[edit]
Design philosophies are fundamental guiding principles that dictate how a 
designer approaches his/her practice. Reflections on material culture and 
environmental concerns (sustainable design) can guide a design philosophy. 
One example is the First Things First manifesto which was launched within 
the graphic design community and states "We propose a reversal of 
priorities in favor of more useful, lasting and democratic forms of 
communication   a mindshift away from product marketing and toward the 
exploration and production of a new kind of meaning. The scope of debate is 
shrinking; it must expand. Consumerism is running uncontested; it must be 
challenged by other perspectives expressed, in part, through the visual 
languages and resources of design."[30]

In The Sciences of the Artificial by polymath Herbert A. Simon the author 
asserts design to be a meta-discipline of all professions. "Engineers are not 
the only professional designers. Everyone designs who devises courses of 
action aimed at changing existing situations into preferred ones. The 
intellectual activity that produces material artifacts is no different 
fundamentally from the one that prescribes remedies for a sick patient or the 
one that devises a new sales plan for a company or a social welfare policy 
for a state. Design, so construed, is the core of all professional training; it is 
the principal mark that distinguishes the professions from the sciences. 
Schools of engineering, as well as schools of architecture, business, 
education, law, and medicine, are all centrally concerned with the process of 
design."[31]

Approaches to design[edit]
A design approach is a general philosophy that may or may not include a 
guide for specific methods. Some are to guide the overall goal of the design. 
Other approaches are to guide the tendencies of the designer. A 
combination of approaches may be used if they don't conflict.

Some popular approaches include:

KISS principle, (Keep it Simple Stupid), which strives to eliminate 
unnecessary complications.
There is more than one way to do it (TIMTOWTDI), a philosophy to allow 
multiple methods of doing the same thing.
Use-centered design, which focuses on the goals and tasks associated with 
the use of the artifact, rather than focusing on the end user.
User-centered design, which focuses on the needs, wants, and limitations of 
the end user of the designed artifact.
Critical design uses designed artifacts as an embodied critique or 
commentary on existing values, morals, and practices in a culture.
Service design designing or organizing the experience around a product, the 
service associated with a product's use.
Transgenerational design, the practice of making products and environments 
compatible with those physical and sensory impairments associated with 
human aging and which limit major activities of daily living.
Speculative design, the speculative design process doesn t necessarily 
define a specific problem to solve, but establishes a provocative starting 
point from which a design process emerges. The result is an evolution of 
fluctuating iteration and reflection using designed objects to provoke 
questions and stimulate discussion in academic and research settings.
Methods of designing[edit]
Main article: Design methods
Design methods is a broad area that focuses on:

Exploring possibilities and constraints by focusing critical thinking skills to 
research and define problem spaces for existing products or services or the 
creation of new categories; (see also Brainstorming)
Redefining the specifications of design solutions which can lead to better 
guidelines for traditional design activities (graphic, industrial, architectural, 
etc.);
Managing the process of exploring, defining, creating artifacts continually 
over time
Prototyping possible scenarios, or solutions that incrementally or 
significantly improve the inherited situation
Trendspotting; understanding the trend process.
Terminology[edit]
The word "design" is often considered ambiguous, as it is applied differently 
in a varying contexts.


The new terminal at Barajas airport in Madrid, Spain
Design and art[edit]
Today the term design is widely associated with the Applied arts as initiated 
by Raymond Loewy and teachings at the Bauhaus and Ulm School of 
Design (HfG Ulm) in Germany during the 20th Century.

The boundaries between art and design are blurred, largely due to a range 
of applications both for the term 'art' and the term 'design'. Applied arts has 
been used as an umbrella term to define fields of industrial design, graphic 
design, fashion design, etc. The term 'decorative arts' is a traditional term 
used in historical discourses to describe craft objects, and also sits within 
the umbrella of Applied arts. In graphic arts (2D image making that ranges 
from photography to illustration) the distinction is often made between fine 
art and commercial art, based on the context within which the work is 
produced and how it is traded.

To a degree, some methods for creating work, such as employing intuition, 
are shared across the disciplines within the Applied arts and Fine art. Mark 
Getlein suggests the principles of design are "almost instinctive", "built-in", 
"natural", and part of "our sense of 'rightness'."[32] However, the intended 
application and context of the resulting works will vary greatly.


A drawing for a booster engine for steam locomotives. Engineering is applied 
to design, with emphasis on function and the utilization of mathematics and 
science.
Design and engineering[edit]
In engineering, design is a component of the engineering process. Many 
overlapping methods and processes can be seen when comparing Product 
design, Industrial design and Engineering. The American Heritage Dictionary 
defines design as: "To conceive or fashion in the mind; invent," and "To 
formulate a plan", and defines engineering as: "The application of scientific 
and mathematical principles to practical ends such as the design, 
manufacture, and operation of efficient and economical structures, 
machines, processes, and systems.".[33][34] Both are forms of problem-
solving with a defined distinction being the application of "scientific and 
mathematical principles". The increasingly scientific focus of engineering in 
practice, however, has raised the importance of new more "human-centered" 
fields of design.[35] How much science is applied in a design is a question 
of what is considered "science". Along with the question of what is 
considered science, there is social science versus natural science. Scientists 
at Xerox PARC made the distinction of design versus engineering at "moving 
minds" versus "moving atoms" (probably in cotradiction to the origin of term 
"engineering - engineer" from Latin "in genio" in meaning of a "genius" what 
assumes existence of a "mind" not of an "atom").


Jonathan Ive has received several awards for his design of Apple Inc. 
products like this MacBook. In some design fields, personal computers are 
also used for both design and production
Design and production[edit]
The relationship between design and production is one of planning and 
executing. In theory, the plan should anticipate and compensate for potential 
problems in the execution process. Design involves problem-solving and 
creativity. In contrast, production involves a routine or pre-planned process. A 
design may also be a mere plan that does not include a production or 
engineering processes although a working knowledge of such processes is 
usually expected of designers. In some cases, it may be unnecessary and/or 
impractical to expect a designer with a broad multidisciplinary knowledge 
required for such designs to also have a detailed specialized knowledge of 
how to produce the product.

Design and production are intertwined in many creative professional careers, 
meaning problem-solving is part of execution and the reverse. As the cost of 
rearrangement increases, the need for separating design from production 
increases as well. For example, a high-budget project, such as a skyscraper, 
requires separating (design) architecture from (production) construction. A 
Low-budget project, such as a locally printed office party invitation flyer, can 
be rearranged and printed dozens of times at the low cost of a few sheets of 
paper, a few drops of ink, and less than one hour's pay of a desktop 
publisher.

This is not to say that production never involves problem-solving or creativity, 
nor that design always involves creativity. Designs are rarely perfect and are 
sometimes repetitive. The imperfection of a design may task a production 
position (e.g. production artist, construction worker) with utilizing creativity or 
problem-solving skills to compensate for what was overlooked in the design 
process. Likewise, a design may be a simple repetition (copy) of a known 
preexisting solution, requiring minimal, if any, creativity or problem-solving 
skills from the designer.


An example of a business workflow process using Business Process 
Modeling Notation.
Process design[edit]
See also: Method engineering
"Process design" (in contrast to "design process" mentioned above) refers to 
the planning of routine steps of a process aside from the expected result. 
Processes (in general) are treated as a product of design, not the method of 
design. The term originated with the industrial designing of chemical 
processes. With the increasing complexities of the information age, 
consultants and executives have found the term useful to describe the 
design of business processes as well as manufacturing processes.



See also[edit]
Design elements and principles
Design-based learning
Footnotes[edit]
Jump up ^ Dictionary meanings in the Cambridge Dictionary of American 
English, at Dictionary.com (esp. meanings 1 5 and 7 8) and at AskOxford 
(esp. verbs).
Jump up ^ Brinkkemper, S. (1996). "Method engineering: engineering of 
information systems development methods and tools". Information and 
Software Technology 38 (4): 275 280. doi:10.1016/0950-5849(95)01059-9.
Jump up ^ Ralph, P. and Wand, Y. (2009). A proposal for a formal definition 
of the design concept. In Lyytinen, K., Loucopoulos, P., Mylopoulos, J., and 
Robinson, W., editors, Design Requirements Workshop (LNBIP 14), pp. 103 
136. Springer-Verlag, p. 109 doi:10.1007/978-3-540-92966-6_6.
Jump up ^ Don Kumaragamage, Y. (2011). Design Manual Vol 1
Jump up ^ Simon (1996)
Jump up ^ Alexander, C. (1964) Notes on the Synthesis of Form, Harvard 
University Press.
Jump up ^ Eekels, J. (2000). "On the Fundamentals of Engineering Design 
Science: The Geography of Engineering Design Science, Part 1". Journal of 
Engineering Design 11 (4): 377 397. doi:10.1080/09544820010000962.
^ Jump up to: a b Braha, D. and Maimon, O. (1998) A Mathematical Theory 
of Design, Springer.
Jump up ^ Dorst and Dijkhuis 1995, p. 261
^ Jump up to: a b Brooks 2010
^ Jump up to: a b c Sch n 1983
^ Jump up to: a b c d Ralph 2010
Jump up ^ Dorst and Cross 2001
Jump up ^ Newell and Simon 1972; Simon 1969
Jump up ^ Pahl and Beitz 1996
Jump up ^ Royce 1970
Jump up ^ Bourque and Dupuis 2004
Jump up ^ Pahl et al. 2007
Jump up ^ Cross, N., 2006. T211 Design and Designing: Block 2, p. 99. 
Milton Keynes: The Open University.
Jump up ^ Ullman, David G. (2009) The Mechanical Design Process, Mc 
Graw Hill, 4th edition ISBN 0-07-297574-1
^ Jump up to: a b Cross et al. 1992; Ralph 2010; Sch n 1983
Jump up ^ Brooks 2010; McCracken and Jackson 1982
Jump up ^ Beck et al. 2001
Jump up ^ Truex et al. 2000
Jump up ^ Ralph 2010, p. 67
Jump up ^ Thomas Fischer: Design Enigma. A typographical metaphor for 
enigmatic processes, including designing, in: T. Fischer, K. De Biswas, J.J. 
Ham, R. Naka, W.X. Huang, Beyond Codes and Pixels: Proceedings of the 
17th International Conference on Computer-Aided Architectural Design 
Research in Asia, p. 686
Jump up ^ Jane Anderson: Architectural Design, Basics Architecture 03, 
Lausanne, AVA academia, 2011, ISBN 978-2-940411-26-9, p. 40
Jump up ^ Headquarters, Department of the Army (May 2012). ADRP 5-0: 
The Operations Process. Washington D.C.: United States Army. pp. 2 4 to 2 
11.
Jump up ^ Holm, Ivar (2006). Ideas and Beliefs in Architecture and Industrial 
design: How attitudes, orientations and underlying assumptions shape the 
built environment. Oslo School of Architecture and Design. ISBN 82-547-
0174-1.
Jump up ^ First Things First 2000 a design manifesto. manifesto published 
jointly by 33 signatories in: Adbusters, the AIGA journal, Blueprint, Emigre, 
Eye, Form, Items fall 1999/spring 2000
Jump up ^ Simon (1996), p. 111.
Jump up ^ Mark Getlein, Living With Art, 8th ed. (New York: 2008) 121.
Jump up ^ American Psychological Association (APA): design. The American 
Heritage Dictionary of the English Language, Fourth Edition. Retrieved 
January 10, 2007
Jump up ^ American Psychological Association (APA): engineering. The 
American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language, Fourth Edition. 
Retrieved January 10, 2007
Jump up ^ Faste 2001
Bibliography[edit]
  Look up design in Wiktionary, the free dictionary.
  Wikiquote has quotations related to: Design
  Wikimedia Commons has media related to Design.
Library resources about
Design
Resources in your library
Beck, K., Beedle, M., van Bennekum, A., Cockburn, A., Cunningham, W., 
Fowler, M., Grenning, J., Highsmith, J., Hunt, A., Jeffries, R., Kern, J., 
Marick, B., Martin, R.C., Mellor, S., Schwaber, K., Sutherland, J., and 
Thomas, D. Manifesto for agile software development, 2001.
Bourque, P., and Dupuis, R. (eds.) Guide to the software engineering body 
of knowledge (SWEBOK). IEEE Computer Society Press, 2004 ISBN 0-7695
-2330-7.
Brooks, F.P. The design of design: Essays from a computer scientist, 
Addison-Wesley Professional, 2010 ISBN 0-201-36298-8.
Cross, N., Dorst, K., and Roozenburg, N. Research in design thinking, Delft 
University Press, Delft, 1992 ISBN 90-6275-796-0.
Dorst, K., and Cross, N. (2001). "Creativity in the design process: Co-
evolution of problem-solution". Design Studies 22 (2): 425 437. 
doi:10.1016/0142-694X(94)00012-3.
Dorst, K., and Dijkhuis, J. "Comparing paradigms for describing design 
activity," Design Studies (16:2) 1995, pp 261 274.
Faste, R. (2001). "The Human Challenge in Engineering Design" (PDF). 
International Journal of Engineering Education 17 (4 5): 327 331.
McCracken, D.D., and Jackson, M.A. (1982). "Life cycle concept considered 
harmful". SIGSOFT Software Engineering Notes 7 (2): 29 32. 
doi:10.1145/1005937.1005943.
Newell, A., and Simon, H. Human problem solving, Prentice-Hall, Inc., 1972.
Pahl, G., and Beitz, W. Engineering design: A systematic approach, 
Springer-Verlag, London, 1996 ISBN 3-540-19917-9.
Pahl, G., Beitz, W., Feldhusen, J., and Grote, K.-H. Engineering design: A 
systematic approach, (3rd ed.), Springer-Verlag, 2007 ISBN 1-84628-318-3.
Ralph, P. "Comparing two software design process theories," International 
Conference on Design Science Research in Information Systems and 
Technology (DESRIST 2010), Springer, St. Gallen, Switzerland, 2010, pp. 
139 153.
Royce, W.W. "Managing the development of large software systems: 
Concepts and techniques," Proceedings of Wescon, 1970.
Sch n, D.A. The reflective practitioner: How professionals think in action, 
Basic Books, USA, 1983.
Simon, H.A. The sciences of the artificial, MIT Press, Cambridge, MA, USA, 
1996 ISBN 0-262-69191-4.
Truex, D., Baskerville, R., and Travis, J. (2000). "Amethodical systems 
development: The deferred meaning of systems development methods". 
Accounting, Management and Information Technologies 10 (1): 53 79. 
doi:10.1016/S0959-8022(99)00009-0.

rchitecture
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
For the professional, see Architect. For other uses, see Architecture 
(disambiguation).
View of Florence showing the dome, which dominates everything around it. It 
is octagonal in plan and ovoid in section. It has wide ribs rising to the apex 
with red tiles in between and a marble lantern on top.
Brunelleschi, in the building of the dome of Florence Cathedral in the early 
15th-century, not only transformed the building and the city, but also the role 
and status of the architect.[1][2]

Section of Beauvais Cathedral, gothic architecture of the 13th century.
Architecture (Latin architectura, from the Greek            arkhitekton 
"architect", from     - "chief" and        "builder") is both the process and the 
product of planning, designing, and constructing buildings and other 
physical structures. Architectural works, in the material form of buildings, are 
often perceived as cultural symbols and as works of art. Historical 
civilizations are often identified with their surviving architectural 
achievements.

"Architecture" can mean:

A general term to describe buildings and other physical structures.[3]
The art and science of designing buildings and (some) nonbuilding 
structures.[3]
The style of design and method of construction of buildings and other 
physical structures.[3]
The knowledge of art, science & technology and humanity.[3]
The practice of the architect, where architecture means offering or rendering 
professional services in connection with the design and construction of 
buildings, or built environments.[4]
The design activity of the architect,[3] from the macro-level (urban design, 
landscape architecture) to the micro-level (construction details and 
furniture).
Architecture has to do with planning and designing form, space and 
ambience to reflect functional, technical, social, environmental and aesthetic 
considerations. It requires the creative manipulation and coordination of 
materials and technology, and of light and shadow. Often, conflicting 
requirements must be resolved. The practice of Architecture also 
encompasses the pragmatic aspects of realizing buildings and structures, 
including scheduling, cost estimation and construction administration. 
Documentation produced by architects, typically drawings, plans and 
technical specifications, defines the structure and/or behavior of a building 
or other kind of system that is to be or has been constructed.

The word "architecture" has also been adopted to describe other designed 
systems, especially in information technology.[3]

Contents  [hide] 
1 Theory of architecture
1.1 Historic treatises
1.2 Modern concepts of architecture
2 History
2.1 Origins and vernacular architecture
2.2 Ancient architecture
2.3 Asian architecture
2.4 Islamic architecture
2.5 Middle Ages
2.6 Renaissance and the architect
2.7 Early modern and the industrial age
2.8 Modernism
2.9 Postmodernism
2.10  Architecture today
3 See also
4 Notes
5 References
6 External links
Theory of architecture[edit]
Main article: Architectural theory
Historic treatises[edit]
The Parthenon is a rectangular building of white marble with eight columns 
supporting a pediment at the front, and a long line of columns visible at the 
side
The Parthenon, Athens, Greece, "the supreme example among architectural 
sites." (Fletcher).[5]
The earliest surviving written work on the subject of architecture is De 
architectura, by the Roman architect Vitruvius in the early 1st century AD.[6] 
According to Vitruvius, a good building should satisfy the three principles of 
firmitas, utilitas, venustas,[7][8] commonly known by the original translation   
firmness, commodity and delight. An equivalent in modern English would be:

Durability   a building should stand up robustly and remain in good 
condition.
Utility   it should be suitable for the purposes for which it is used.
Beauty   it should be aesthetically pleasing.
According to Vitruvius, the architect should strive to fulfill each of these three 
attributes as well as possible. Leon Battista Alberti, who elaborates on the 
ideas of Vitruvius in his treatise, De Re Aedificatoria, saw beauty primarily as 
a matter of proportion, although ornament also played a part. For Alberti, the 
rules of proportion were those that governed the idealised human figure, the 
Golden mean. The most important aspect of beauty was therefore an 
inherent part of an object, rather than something applied superficially; and 
was based on universal, recognisable truths. The notion of style in the arts 
was not developed until the 16th century, with the writing of Vasari:[9] by the 
18th century, his Lives of the Most Excellent Painters, Sculptors, and 
Architects had been translated into Italian, French, Spanish and English.

The Houses of Parliament in London, seen across the river, are a large 
Victorian Gothic building with two big towers and many pinnacles
The Houses of Parliament, Westminster, master-planned by Charles Barry, 
with interiors and details by A.W.N. Pugin
In the early 19th century, Augustus Welby Northmore Pugin wrote Contrasts 
(1836) that, as the titled suggested, contrasted the modern, industrial world, 
which he disparaged, with an idealized image of neo-medieval world. Gothic 
architecture, Pugin believed, was the only "true Christian form of 
architecture."

The 19th-century English art critic, John Ruskin, in his Seven Lamps of 
Architecture, published 1849, was much narrower in his view of what 
constituted architecture. Architecture was the "art which so disposes and 
adorns the edifices raised by men ... that the sight of them" contributes "to 
his mental health, power, and pleasure".[10]

For Ruskin, the aesthetic was of overriding significance. His work goes on to 
state that a building is not truly a work of architecture unless it is in some 
way "adorned". For Ruskin, a well-constructed, well-proportioned, functional 
building needed string courses or rustication, at the very least.[10]

On the difference between the ideals of architecture and mere construction, 
the renowned 20th-century architect Le Corbusier wrote: "You employ stone, 
wood, and concrete, and with these materials you build houses and palaces: 
that is construction. Ingenuity is at work. But suddenly you touch my heart, 
you do me good. I am happy and I say: This is beautiful. That is 
Architecture".[11]

Le Corbusier's contemporary Ludwig Mies van der Rohe said "Architecture 
starts when you carefully put two bricks together. There it begins."[12]

 The view shows a 20th-century building with two identical towers very close 
to each other rising from a low building which has a dome at one end, and 
an inverted dome, like a saucer, at the other.
The National Congress of Brazil, designed by Oscar Niemeyer
Modern concepts of architecture[edit]
The notable 19th-century architect of skyscrapers, Louis Sullivan, promoted 
an overriding precept to architectural design: "Form follows function".

While the notion that structural and aesthetic considerations should be 
entirely subject to functionality was met with both popularity and skepticism, 
it had the effect of introducing the concept of "function" in place of Vitruvius' 
"utility". "Function" came to be seen as encompassing all criteria of the use, 
perception and enjoyment of a building, not only practical but also aesthetic, 
psychological and cultural.

The Sydney Opera House appears to float on the harbour. It has numerous 
roof-sections which are shaped like huge shining white sails
Sydney Opera House, Australia designed by J rn Utzon
Nunzia Rondanini stated, "Through its aesthetic dimension architecture goes 
beyond the functional aspects that it has in common with other human 
sciences. Through its own particular way of expressing values, architecture 
can stimulate and influence social life without presuming that, in and of 
itself, it will promote social development.'

To restrict the meaning of (architectural) formalism to art for art's sake is not 
only reactionary; it can also be a purposeless quest for perfection or 
originality which degrades form into a mere instrumentality".[13]

Among the philosophies that have influenced modern architects and their 
approach to building design are rationalism, empiricism, structuralism, 
poststructuralism, and phenomenology.

In the late 20th century a new concept was added to those included in the 
compass of both structure and function, the consideration of sustainability, 
hence sustainable architecture. To satisfy the contemporary ethos a building 
should be constructed in a manner which is environmentally friendly in terms 
of the production of its materials, its impact upon the natural and built 
environment of its surrounding area and the demands that it makes upon 
non-sustainable power sources for heating, cooling, water and waste 
management and lighting.

History[edit]
Main article: History of architecture
Origins and vernacular architecture[edit]
Main article: Vernacular architecture
A small hut composed entirely of split logs, and raised above the ground on 
stout upright stumps.
Vernacular architecture in Norway
Building first evolved out of the dynamics between needs (shelter, security, 
worship, etc.) and means (available building materials and attendant skills). 
As human cultures developed and knowledge began to be formalized 
through oral traditions and practices, building became a craft, and 
"architecture" is the name given to the most highly formalized and respected 
versions of that craft.

It is widely assumed that architectural success was the product of a process 
of trial and error, with progressively less trial and more replication as the 
results of the process proved increasingly satisfactory. What is termed 
vernacular architecture continues to be produced in many parts of the world. 
Indeed, vernacular buildings make up most of the built world that people 
experience every day. Early human settlements were mostly rural. Due to a 
surplus in production the economy began to expand resulting in 
urbanization thus creating urban areas which grew and evolved very rapidly 
in some cases, such as that of  atal H y k in Anatolia and Mohenjo Daro of 
the Indus Valley Civilization in modern-day Pakistan.

The three main Pyramids at Gizeh shown rising from the desert sands with 
three smaller pyramids in front of them
The Pyramids at Giza in Egypt
Ancient architecture[edit]
In many ancient civilizations, such as those of Egypt and Mesopotamia, 
architecture and urbanism reflected the constant engagement with the divine 
and the supernatural, and many ancient cultures resorted to monumentality 
in architecture to represent symbolically the political power of the ruler, the 
ruling elite, or the state itself.

The architecture and urbanism of the Classical civilizations such as the 
Greek and the Roman evolved from civic ideals rather than religious or 
empirical ones and new building types emerged. Architectural "style" 
developed in the form of the Classical orders.

Texts on architecture have been written since ancient time. These texts 
provided both general advice and specific formal prescriptions or canons. 
Some examples of canons are found in the writings of the 1st-century BCE 
Roman Architect Vitruvius. Some of the most important early examples of 
canonic architecture are religious.

 The Golden Pavilion is a building of three storeys with encircling balconies 
and curving roofs, overlooking a tranquil lake and woods
Kinkaku-ji (Golden Pavilion), Kyoto, Japan
Asian architecture[edit]
Early Asian writings on architecture include the Kao Gong Ji of China from 
the 7th 5th centuries BCE; the Shilpa Shastras of ancient India and Manjusri 
Vasthu Vidya Sastra of Sri Lanka.

The architecture of different parts of Asia developed along different lines 
from that of Europe; Buddhist, Hindu and Sikh architecture each having 
different characteristics. Buddhist architecture, in particular, showed great 
regional diversity. Hindu temple architecture, which developed around the 
3rd century BCE, is governed by concepts laid down in the Shastras, and is 
concerned with expressing the macrocosm and the microcosm. In many 
Asian countries, pantheistic religion led to architectural forms that were 
designed specifically to enhance the natural landscape.

The Taj Mahal is a mosque-like structure of white marble with an onion-
shaped dome, and a tall marble minaret at each corner
The Taj Mahal (1632 1653), in India
Islamic architecture[edit]
Main article: Islamic architecture
Islamic architecture began in the 7th century CE, incorporating architectural 
forms from the ancient Middle East and Byzantium, but also developing 
features to suit the religious and social needs of the society. Examples can 
be found throughout the Middle East, North Africa, Spain and the Indian 
Sub-continent. The widespread application of the pointed arch was to 
influence European architecture of the Medieval period.

Middle Ages[edit]
Notre Dame, Paris, is a grand Gothic cathedral with Towers at one end and a 
small spire rising from the centre of the roof.
Notre Dame de Paris, France
In Europe during the Medieval period, guilds were formed by craftsmen to 
organise their trades and written contracts have survived, particularly in 
relation to ecclesiastical buildings. The role of architect was usually one with 
that of master mason, or Magister lathomorum as they are sometimes 
described in contemporary documents.

The major architectural undertakings were the buildings of abbeys and 
cathedrals. From about 900 CE onwards, the movements of both clerics and 
tradesmen carried architectural knowledge across Europe, resulting in the 
pan-European styles Romanesque and Gothic.

La Rotunda is a domed domestic building of which two sides can be seen, 
with identical classical porticos, indicating that it is the same on all sides.
La Rotonda (1567), Italy by Palladio
Renaissance and the architect[edit]
Main article: Renaissance architecture
In Renaissance Europe, from about 1400 onwards, there was a revival of 
Classical learning accompanied by the development of Renaissance 
Humanism which placed greater emphasis on the role of the individual in 
society than had been the case during the Medieval period. Buildings were 
ascribed to specific architects   Brunelleschi, Alberti, Michelangelo, Palladio   
and the cult of the individual had begun. There was still no dividing line 
between artist, architect and engineer, or any of the related vocations, and 
the appellation was often one of regional preference.

A revival of the Classical style in architecture was accompanied by a 
burgeoning of science and engineering which affected the proportions and 
structure of buildings. At this stage, it was still possible for an artist to design 
a bridge as the level of structural calculations involved was within the scope 
of the generalist.

Early modern and the industrial age[edit]
The Opera House in Paris is an ornate 19th century building decorated with 
much sculptured detail.
Paris Opera by Charles Garnier (1875), France
With the emerging knowledge in scientific fields and the rise of new 
materials and technology, architecture and engineering began to separate, 
and the architect began to concentrate on aesthetics and the humanist 
aspects, often at the expense of technical aspects of building design. There 
was also the rise of the "gentleman architect" who usually dealt with wealthy 
clients and concentrated predominantly on visual qualities derived usually 
from historical prototypes, typified by the many country houses of Great 
Britain that were created in the Neo Gothic or Scottish Baronial styles. 
Formal architectural training in the 19th century, for example at  cole des 
Beaux-Arts in France, gave much emphasis to the production of beautiful 
drawings and little to context and feasibility. Effective architects generally 
received their training in the offices of other architects, graduating to the role 
from draughtsmen or clerks.

Meanwhile, the Industrial Revolution laid open the door for mass production 
and consumption. Aesthetics became a criterion for the middle class as 
ornamented products, once within the province of expensive craftsmanship, 
became cheaper under machine production.

Vernacular architecture became increasingly ornamental. House builders 
could use current architectural design in their work by combining features 
found in pattern books and architectural journals.

Modernism[edit]
Main article: Modern architecture

The Bauhaus Dessau architecture department from 1925 by Walter Gropius
Around the beginning of the 20th century, a general dissatisfaction with the 
emphasis on revivalist architecture and elaborate decoration gave rise to 
many new lines of thought that served as precursors to Modern Architecture. 
Notable among these is the Deutscher Werkbund, formed in 1907 to 
produce better quality machine made objects. The rise of the profession of 
industrial design is usually placed here. Following this lead, the Bauhaus 
school, founded in Weimar, Germany in 1919, redefined the architectural 
bounds prior set throughout history, viewing the creation of a building as the 
ultimate synthesis the apex of art, craft, and technology.

When modern architecture was first practiced, it was an avant-garde 
movement with moral, philosophical, and aesthetic underpinnings. 
Immediately after World War I, pioneering modernist architects sought to 
develop a completely new style appropriate for a new post-war social and 
economic order, focused on meeting the needs of the middle and working 
classes. They rejected the architectural practice of the academic refinement 
of historical styles which served the rapidly declining aristocratic order. The 
approach of the Modernist architects was to reduce buildings to pure forms, 
removing historical references and ornament in favor of functionalist details. 
Buildings displayed their functional and structural elements, exposing steel 
beams and concrete surfaces instead of hiding them behind decorative 
forms.


Fallingwater, organic architecture by Frank Lloyd Wright
Architects such as Frank Lloyd Wright developed Organic architecture, in 
which the form was defined by its environment and purpose, with an aim to 
promote harmony between human habitation and the natural world with 
prime examples being Robie House and Fallingwater.

The Crystal Cathedral is a built in a modern style with panels of glass set in 
metal frames making both the walls and roof. A tall tower of the same 
materials rises beside it
The Crystal Cathedral, California, by Philip Johnson (1980)
Architects such as Mies van der Rohe, Philip Johnson and Marcel Breuer 
worked to create beauty based on the inherent qualities of building materials 
and modern construction techniques, trading traditional historic forms for 
simplified geometric forms, celebrating the new means and methods made 
possible by the Industrial Revolution, including steel-frame construction, 
which gave birth to high-rise superstructures. By mid-century, Modernism 
had morphed into the International Style, an aesthetic epitomized in many 
ways by the Twin Towers of New York's World Trade Center designed by 
Minoru Yamasaki.

Postmodernism[edit]
Many architects resisted modernism, finding it devoid of the decorative 
richness of historical styles. As the first generation of modernists began to 
die after WWII, a second generation of architects including Paul Rudolph, 
Marcel Breuer, and Eero Saarinen tried to expand the aesthetics of 
modernism with Brutalism, buildings with expressive sculptural fa ades 
made of unfinished concrete. But an even new younger postwar generation 
critiqued modernism and Brutalism for being too austere, standardized, 
monotone, and not taking into account the richness of human experience 
offered in historical buildings across time and in different places and 
cultures.

One such reaction to the cold aesthetic of modernism and Brutalism is the 
school of metaphoric architecture, which includes such things as 
biomorphism and zoomorphic architecture, both using nature as the primary 
source of inspiration and design. While it is considered by some to be 
merely an aspect of postmodernism, others consider it to be a school in its 
own right and a later development of expressionist architecture.[14]

Beginning in the late 1950s and 1960s, architectural phenomenology 
emerged as an important movement in the early reaction against modernism, 
with architects like Charles Moore in the USA, Christian Norberg-Schulz in 
Norway, and Ernesto Nathan Rogers and Vittorio Gregotti in Italy, who 
collectively popularized an interest in a new contemporary architecture 
aimed at expanding human experience using historical buildings as models 
and precedents.[15] Postmodernism produced a style that combined 
contemporary building technology and cheap materials, with the aesthetics 
of older pre-modern and non-modern styles, from high classical architecture 
to popular or vernacular regional building styles. Robert Venturi famously 
defined postmodern architecture as a "decorated shed" (an ordinary building 
which is functionally designed inside and embellished on the outside), and 
upheld it against modernist and brutalist "ducks" (buildings with 
unnecessarily expressive tectonic forms).[16]

Architecture today[edit]
The Railway station in Lisbon has a fibreglass roof supported on piers with 
radiating arms resembling Gothic columns, arches and vaults
Postmodern design at Gare do Oriente, Lisbon, Portugal, by Spanish 
architect Santiago Calatrava
Since the 1980s, as the complexity of buildings began to increase (in terms 
of structural systems, services, energy and technologies), the field of 
architecture became multi-disciplinary with specializations for each project 
type, technological expertise or project delivery methods. In addition, there 
has been an increased separation of the 'design' architect [Notes 1] from the 
'project' architect who ensures that the project meets the required standards 
and deals with matters of liability.[Notes 2] The preparatory processes for the 
design of any large building have become increasingly complicated, and 
require preliminary studies of such matters as durability, sustainability, 
quality, money, and compliance with local laws. A large structure can no 
longer be the design of one person but must be the work of many. 
Modernism and Postmodernism have been criticised by some members of 
the architectural profession who feel that successful architecture is not a 
personal, philosophical, or aesthetic pursuit by individualists; rather it has to 
consider everyday needs of people and use technology to create liveable 
environments, with the design process being informed by studies of 
behavioral, environmental, and social sciences.

 A low building has a roof completely covered with soil and grass. It appears 
to be built into a hillside
Green roof planted with native species at L'Historial de la Vend e, a new 
museum in western France
Environmental sustainability has become a mainstream issue, with profound 
effect on the architectural profession. Many developers, those who support 
the financing of buildings, have become educated to encourage the 
facilitation of environmentally sustainable design, rather than solutions 
based primarily on immediate cost. Major examples of this can be found in 
Passive solar building design, greener roof designs, biodegradable 
materials, and more attention to a structure's energy usage. This major shift 
in architecture has also changed architecture schools to focus more on the 
environment. Sustainability in architecture was pioneered by Frank Lloyd 
Wright, in the 1960s by Buckminster Fuller and in the 1970s by architects 
such as Ian McHarg and Sim Van der Ryn in the US and Brenda and Robert 
Vale in the UK and New Zealand. There has been an acceleration in the 
number of buildings which seek to meet green building sustainable design 
principles. Sustainable practices that were at the core of vernacular 
architecture increasingly provide inspiration for environmentally and socially 
sustainable contemporary techniques.[17] The U.S. Green Building 
Council's LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) rating 
system has been instrumental in this.[18]

Concurrently, the recent movements of New Urbanism, Metaphoric 
architecture and New Classical Architecture promote a sustainable approach 
towards construction, that appreciates and develops smart growth, 
architectural tradition and classical design.[19][20] This in contrast to 
modernist and globally uniform architecture, as well as leaning against 
solitary housing estates and suburban sprawl.[21]

See also[edit]

Angkor Wat, Cambodia, symmetry and elevation have often been utilised in 
the architectural expression of religious devotion or political power.

Machu Picchu, Peru, shows the adaptations of architecture and town 
planning to a rugged natural site

Lower Manhattan, March 2001. The 20th century saw cities across the world 
transformed by highrise buildings in the International Style
Architectural design competition
Architectural drawing
Architectural style
Architectural technology
Architectural theory
Architecture prizes
Building materials
Contemporary architecture
Glossary of architecture
List of human habitation forms
Mathematics and architecture
Organic architecture
Metaphoric Architecture
Zoomorphic architecture
Outline of architecture
Sociology of architecture
Sustainable architecture
Dravidian architecture
Notes[edit]
Jump up ^ A design architect is one who is responsible for the design.
Jump up ^ A project architect is one who is responsible for ensuring the 
design is built correctly and who administers building contracts   in non-
specialist architectural practices the project architect is also the design 
architect and the term refers to the differing roles the architect plays at 
differing stages of the process.
References[edit]
Jump up ^ Museo Galileo, Museum and Institute of History and Science, The 
Dome of Santa Maria del Fiore, (accessed 30 January 2013)
Jump up ^ Giovanni Fanelli, Brunelleschi, Becocci, Florence (1980), 
Chapter: The Dome pp. 10-41.
^ Jump up to: a b c d e f Shorter Oxford English Dictionary (1993), Oxford, 
ISBN 0 19 860575 7
Jump up ^ "Gov.ns.ca". Gov.ns.ca. Archived from the original on 21 July 
2011. Retrieved 2 July 2011.
Jump up ^ Banister Fletcher, A History of Architecture on the Comparative 
Method
Jump up ^ D. Rowland   T.N. Howe: Vitruvius. Ten Books on Architecture. 
Cambridge University Press, Cambridge 1999, ISBN 0-521-00292-3
Jump up ^ "Vitruvius Ten Books on Architecture, with regard to landscape 
and garden design". gardenvisit.com.
Jump up ^ "Vitruvius". Penelope.uchicago.edu. Retrieved 2 July 2011.
Jump up ^ Fran oise Choay, Alberti and Vitruvius, editor, Joseph Rykwert, 
Profile 21, Architectural Design, Vol 49 No 5-6
^ Jump up to: a b John Ruskin, The Seven Lamps of Architecture, G. Allen 
(1880), reprinted Dover, (1989) ISBN 0-486-26145-X
Jump up ^ Le Corbusier, Towards a New Architecture, Dover Publications
(1985). ISBN 0-486-25023-7
Jump up ^ "Architecture starts when you carefully put two bricks together. 
There it begins. - Ludwig Mies van der Rohe at BrainyQuote". BrainyQuote.
Jump up ^ Rondanini, Nunzia Architecture and Social Change Heresies II, 
Vol. 3, No. 3, New York, Neresies Collective Inc., 1981.
Jump up ^ Fez-Barringten, Barie (2012). Architecture: The Making of 
Metaphors. Newcastle upon Tyne: Cambridge Scholars Publishing. ISBN 
978-1-4438-3517-6.
Jump up ^ Otero-Pailos, Jorge (2010). Architecture's Historical Turn: 
Phenomenology and the Rise of the Postmodern. Minneapolis: University of 
Minnesota Press. ISBN 9780816666041.
Jump up ^ Venturi, Robert (1966). Complexity and Contradiction in 
Architecture. New York: Museum of Modern Art.
Jump up ^ OneWorld.net (31 March 2004). "Vernacular Architecture in 
India". El.doccentre.info. Retrieved 2 July 2011.
Jump up ^ Other energy efficiency and green building rating systems 
include Energy Star, Green Globes, and CHPS (Collaborative for High 
Performance Schools).
Jump up ^ "The Charter of the New Urbanism". cnu.org.
Jump up ^ "Beauty, Humanism, Continuity between Past and Future". 
Traditional Architecture Group. Retrieved 23 March 2014.
Jump up ^ Issue Brief: Smart-Growth: Building Livable Communities. 
American Institute of Architects. Retrieved on 23 March 2014.
External links[edit]
Find more about
Architecture
at Wikipedia's sister projects
Search Wiktionary Definitions from Wiktionary
Search Commons  Media from Commons
Search Wikinews News stories from Wikinews
Search Wikiquote  Quotations from Wikiquote
Search Wikisource Source texts from Wikisource
Search Wikibooks  Textbooks from Wikibooks
Search Wikiversity  Learning resources from Wikiversity
World Architecture Community
Architecture.com, published by Royal Institute of British Architects
Architectural centers and museums in the world, list of links from the UIA
Architecture Week
Architecture Arch2O
American Institute of Architects
Glossary of Architecture Terms (with dictionary definitions)
Cities and Buildings Database - Collection of digitized images of buildings 
and cities drawn from across time and throughout the world from the 
University of Washington Library
[show] v t e
Aesthetics

Modern architecture
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
This article is about modern movement architecture. For architecture in the 
present day, see contemporary architecture.

Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York City (1959), interior, by 
Frank Lloyd Wright.

Contrasts in modern architecture, as shown by adjacent high-rises in 
Chicago, Illinois. 330 North Wabash (also known as the AMA Center, or IBM 
Plaza) (right), by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, is a later example of the clean 
rectilinear lines and glass of the International Style, whereas Marina City, 
(left), by his student Bertrand Goldberg, reflects a more sculptural Mid-
Century Modern aesthetic.
Modern architecture or modernist architecture is a term applied to an 
overarching movement, with its exact definition and scope varying widely.[1] 
The term is often applied to modernist movements at the turn of the 20th 
century, with efforts to reconcile the principles underlying architectural 
design with rapid technological advancement and the modernization of 
society. It would take the form of numerous movements, schools of design, 
and architectural styles, some in tension with one another, and often equally 
defying such classification.[1] The term Modern architecture may be used to 
differentiate from Classical architecture following Vitruvian ideals, while it is 
also applied to various contemporary architecture styles such as 
Postmodern, High-tech or even New Classical, depending on the context. In 
art history, the revolutionary and neoclassical styles that evolved around 
1800 are also called modern.

The concept of modernism is a central theme in the efforts of 20th century 
modern architecture. Gaining global popularity especially after the Second 
World War, architectural modernism was adopted by many architects and 
architectural educators, and continued as a dominant architectural style for 
institutional and corporate buildings into the 21st century. Modernism 
eventually generated reactions, most notably Postmodernism which sought 
to preserve pre-modern elements, while "Neo-modernism" has emerged as a 
reaction to Post-modernism.

Notable architects important to the history and development of the modernist 
movement include Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, Le Corbusier, Walter Gropius, 
Erich Mendelsohn, Frank Lloyd Wright, Joseph Eichler, Richard Neutra, 
Louis Sullivan, Gerrit Rietveld, Bruno Taut, Gunnar Asplund, Arne Jacobsen, 
Oscar Niemeyer and Alvar Aalto.

Contents  [hide] 
1 Characteristics
2 Context
3 Early modernism
3.1 In the United States
3.2 In Italy: Futurism
3.3 In Soviet Union: Constructivism
3.4 In Western Europe
3.4.1 Arts and Crafts movement
3.4.2 Expressionism
3.4.3 Modernism reaches critical mass
3.5 Style Moderne: tradition and modernism
3.6 Wartime innovation
4 International Style
5 Urban design and mass housing
6 Mid-Century reactions
6.1 Brutalism and monumentality
7 Late 20th-century reactions and movements
7.1 High-tech architecture
7.2 Postmodern architecture
7.3 Neomodern architecture
7.4 Neofuturistic architecture
7.5 New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture
8 Examples of contemporary modern architecture
9 Preservation
10  See also
11  References
12  External links
Characteristics[edit]

This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by 
adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged 
and removed. (March 2014)

The Salk Institute complex in La Jolla, California, by architect Louis Kahn.
Common themes of modern architecture include:

the notion that "Form follows function", a dictum originally expressed by 
Frank Lloyd Wright's early mentor Louis Sullivan, meaning that the result of 
design should derive directly from its purpose
simplicity and clarity of forms and elimination of "unnecessary detail"
materials at 90 degrees to each other
visual expression of structure (as opposed to the hiding of structural 
elements)
the related concept of "Truth to materials", meaning that the true nature or 
natural appearance of a material ought to be seen rather than concealed or 
altered to represent something else
use of industrially-produced materials; adoption of the machine aesthetic
particularly in International Style modernism, a visual emphasis on horizontal 
and vertical lines
Context[edit]

The Crystal Palace, 1851, was one of the first buildings to have vast 
amounts of glass supported by structural metal, foreshadowing trends in 
Modernist architecture.
There are multiple lenses through which the evolution of modern 
architecture may be viewed. Some historians see it as a social matter, 
closely tied to the project of Modernity and thus the Enlightenment. Modern 
architecture developed, in their opinion, as a result of social and political 
revolutions.[2] Others see Modern architecture as primarily driven by 
technological and engineering developments. Still other historians regard 
Modernism as a matter of taste, a reaction against eclecticism and the lavish 
stylistic excesses of Victorian and Edwardian architecture.

With the Industrial Revolution, the availability of newly-available building 
materials such as iron, steel, and sheet glass drove the invention of new 
building techniques. In 1796, Shrewsbury mill owner Charles Bage first used 
his 'fireproof' design, which relied on cast iron and brick with flag stone 
floors. Such construction greatly strengthened the structure of mills, which 
enabled them to accommodate much bigger machines. Due to poor 
knowledge of iron's properties as a construction material, a number of early 
mills collapsed. It was not until the early 1830s that Eaton Hodgkinson 
introduced the section beam, leading to widespread use of iron construction. 
This kind of austere industrial architecture utterly transformed the landscape 
of northern Britain, leading to the description of places like Manchester and 
parts of West Yorkshire as "Dark satanic mills". The Crystal Palace by 
Joseph Paxton at the Great Exhibition of 1851 was an early example of iron 
and glass construction, followed in 1864 by the first glass and metal curtain 
wall. A further development was that of the steel-framed skyscraper in 
Chicago around 1890 by William Le Baron Jenney and Louis Sullivan.

Early modernism[edit]
Around 1900, a number of architects and designers around the world began 
developing new solutions to integrate traditional precedents (classicism or 
Gothic, for instance) with new technological possibilities. The work of Louis 
Sullivan and Frank Lloyd Wright in Chicago, Victor Horta in Brussels, Antoni 
Gaudi in Barcelona, Otto Wagner and the Vienna Secession in Austria, and 
Charles Rennie Mackintosh in Glasgow, among many others, can be seen 
as a common struggle between old and new. The work of some of these 
were a part of what is broadly categorized as Art Nouveau ("New Art"). Note 
that the Russian word for Art Nouveau, "      ", and the Spanish word for Art 
Nouveau, "Modernismo" are cognates of the English word "Modern" though 
they carry different meanings. An early use of the term in print around this 
time, approaching its later meaning, was in the title of a book by Otto 
Wagner.[3][4] The fallout of the First World War resulted in additional 
experimentation and ideas. Following out of the experiments in Art Nouveau 
and its related movements around the world, modernism in architecture and 
design grew out of stylistic threads originating throughout the world.

In the United States[edit]

The Robie House, 1910, in Chicago, Illinois.
See also: Frank Lloyd Wright, Joseph Eichler and Richard Neutra

This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by 
adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged 
and removed. (March 2014)
Wright's Larkin Building (1904) in Buffalo, New York, Unity Temple (1905) in 
Oak Park, Illinois, and the Robie House (1910) in Chicago, Illinois were some 
of the first examples of modern architecture in the United States. Frank 
Lloyd Wright was a major influence on European architects, including both 
Walter Gropius (founder of the Bauhaus) and Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, as 
well as on the whole of organic architecture. Gropius claimed that his "bible" 
for forming the Bauhaus was 100 Frank Lloyd Wright drawings that the 
architect shared with Germany over a decade prior to this point, the 
Wasmuth Portfolio. While Wright's career would parallel that of European 
architects, he refused to be categorized with them, claiming that they copied 
his ideas.[citation needed] Many architects in Germany[who ] believed that 
Wright's life would be wasted in the United States, since the US was not 
ready for his newer architecture.[5] During the 1930s, Wright would 
experiment with his Usonian ideas for a uniquely U.S. American (i.e. "US-
onian") take on modernism. It would be several decades before European 
architects would in turn bring their version of modern architecture to the 
United States.

In Italy: Futurism[edit]
Main article: Futurist architecture

This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by 
adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged 
and removed. (March 2014)
Futurist architecture began in the early 20th century, characterized by anti-
historicism and long horizontal lines suggesting speed, motion and urgency. 
Technology and even violence were among the themes of the Futurists. The 
movement was founded by the poet Filippo Tommaso Marinetti, who 
produced its first manifesto, the Manifesto of Futurism in 1909. The 
movement attracted not only poets, musicians artist (such as Umberto 
Boccioni, Giacomo Balla, Fortunato Depero, and Enrico Prampolini) but also 
a number of architects. Among the latter there was Antonio Sant'Elia, who, 
though he built little (being killed in WWI), translated the Futurist vision into 
bold urban form. The unbuilt designs and theories of Futurists went on to 
influence both the Constructivists and a branch of Italian Fascist 
architecture.

In Soviet Union: Constructivism[edit]
Main article: Constructivist architecture

This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by 
adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged 
and removed. (March 2014)
Rusakov Workers' Club, Moscow, by Konstantin Melnikov (1928)
Rusakov Workers' Club, Moscow, by Konstantin Melnikov (1928)
Following the 1917 revolutions in Russia, the societal upheaval and change 
was coupled with a desire for a new aesthetic, one more in keeping with the 
Communist philosophy and societal goals of the new state, in contrast to the 
ornate Neoclassicism that had prevailed prior. This resulted in a new style, 
Constructivism, with a new set of buildings in the spotlight - namely, workers' 
clubs, commune-houses and communal 'factory-kitchens'. Constructivist 
architecture was proclaimed to be the architectural style aimed at 
promulgating a new, socialist society. Konstantin Melnikov, a Russian 
Constructivist architect, designed the number of working clubs - including 
Rusakov Workers' Club (1928) - and his own living house, Melnikov House 
(1929) near Arbat Street in Moscow. The leading group of constructivist 
architects, led by Vesnin brothers and Moisei Ginzburg, was publishing the 
'Contemporary Architecture' journal. This group created several major 
constructivist projects in the wake of the First Five Year Plan - including 
colossal Dnieper Hydroelectric Station (1932) - and made an attempt to start 
the 'typization' of living blocks with Ginzburg's Narkomfin building. A number 
of architects who already were recognized professional before 1917, like 
Alexey Shchusev[6] or Ivan Fomin, were successfully working under new 
conditions, providing several important examples of constructivist style, 
including Lenin's Mausoleum in Moscow (1930).

Derzhprom, Kharkiv, by Sergey Serafimovich, Samul Kravets and Marc 
Felger (1928)
Derzhprom (the House of Industry), Kharkiv, by Sergey Serafimovich, Samul 
Kravets and Marc Felger (1928)
The main centers of constructivist architecture were Moscow and Sain-
Petersburg; however, during the industrialization lots of constructivist 
buildings were erected in provincial cities. The regional industrial centers, 
like Ekaterinburg, Kharkiv or Ivanovo, were rebuilt in the constructivist 
manner; some cities, like Magnitogorsk or Zaporizhia, were constructed 
anew (the so-called socgorod, or 'socialist city').

The style prospered, but fell markedly out of favor during the design 
competition for the Palace of the Soviets from 1931 to 1933, losing to a more 
traditional revivalism of Russian architecture with nationalistic overtones, 
afterwards termed Postconstructivism. However, the whole process was 
rather complicated, and the influence of constructivism was still present in 
projects like Soviet pavilion at Paris World Exhibition (1937) designed by 
Boris Iofan.[7] This resulted in the ultimate demise of the Russian branch of 
early architectural modernism, though not before it had a chance to 
influence architects elsewhere, such as Le Corbusier.

In Western Europe[edit]
Arts and Crafts movement[edit]

This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve 
this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may 
be challenged and removed. (March 2014)

The AEG Turbinenfabrik ("turbine factory"), 1909, designed by Peter 
Behrens, illustrating the combination of industry and design.
Spanning the gap between the ideals of the Arts and Crafts movement, and 
the Modernism of the 1920s, was the Deutscher Werkbund (German Work 
Federation) a German association of architects, designers and industrialists. 
It was founded in 1907 in Munich at the instigation of Hermann Muthesius. 
Muthesius was the author of a three-volume "The English House" of 1905, a 
survey of the practical lessons of the English Arts and Crafts movement and 
a leading political and cultural commentator.[8] The purpose of the 
Werkbund was to sponsor the attempt to integrate traditional crafts with the 
techniques of industrial mass production. The organization originally 
included twelve architects and twelve business firms, but quickly expanded. 
The architects include Peter Behrens, Theodor Fischer (who served as its 
first president), Josef Hoffmann and Richard Riemerschmid. Joseph August 
Lux, an Austrian-born critic, helped formulate its agenda.[9]

As a result of isolation during World War I, an art and design movement 
developed unique to the Netherlands, known as De Stijl (literally "the style"), 
characterized by its use of line and primary colors. While producing little 
architectural design overall (with notable exception of the Rietveld Schr der 
House of 1924), its ideas went on to influence the architects and designers 
of the 1920s.

Expressionism[edit]

The Second Goetheanum, 1924 1928, in Basel, Switzerland, is an example 
of architectural Expressionism.
Main article: Expressionist architecture
Expressionism was an architectural movement that developed in Northern 
Europe during the first decades of the 20th century in parallel with the 
expressionist visual and performing arts. Making notable use of sculptural 
forms and the novel use of concrete as artistic elements, examples include 
Rudolf Steiner's Second Goetheanum, built from 1926 near Basel, 
Switzerland and the Einsteinturm in Potsdam, Germany.

The style was characterised by an early-modernist adoption of novel 
materials, formal innovation, and very unusual massing, sometimes inspired 
by natural biomorphic forms, sometimes by the new technical possibilities 
offered by the mass production of brick, steel and especially glass. Many 
expressionist architects fought in World War I and their experiences, 
combined with the political turmoil and social upheaval that followed the 
German Revolution of 1919, resulted in a utopian outlook and a romantic 
socialist agenda.[10] Economic conditions severely limited the number of 
built commissions between 1914 and the mid-1920s,[11] resulting in many of 
the most important expressionist works remaining as projects on paper, such 
as Bruno Taut's Alpine Architecture and Hermann Finsterlin's Formspiels. 
Ephemeral exhibition buildings were numerous and highly significant during 
this period. Scenography for theatre and films provided another outlet for the 
expressionist imagination,[12] and provided supplemental incomes for 
designers attempting to challenge conventions in a harsh economic climate. 
A particular type, using bricks to create its forms (rather than concrete) is 
known as Brick Expressionism.

Modernism reaches critical mass[edit]
See also: New Objectivity (architecture) and Bauhaus

This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by 
adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged 
and removed. (March 2014)

The Bauhaus building at Dessau, Germany, designed by Walter Gropius
It was at this time, during the 1920s, that the most important figures in 
Modern architecture established their reputations. The big three are 
commonly recognized as Le Corbusier in France, and Walter Gropius and 
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe in Germany, all of whom trained under Peter 
Behrens.

Gropius and Mies van der Rohe both served as directors of the Bauhaus, 
one of a number of European schools and associations concerned with 
reconciling craft tradition and industrial technology. Mies van der Rohe 
designed the German pavilion (known afterward as the Barcelona Pavilion) 
at the 1929 Barcelona International Exposition. Villa Savoye, by Le Corbusier 
and his cousin, was built from 1928 to 1931. As in Russia, political pressures 
turned against the modernists. With the rise of Nazism in 1933, the German 
experiments in modernism were replaced by more traditionalist architectural 
forms.

Style Moderne: tradition and modernism[edit]
Main articles: Art Deco and Streamline Moderne

This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve 
this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may 
be challenged and removed. (March 2014)

Greyhound Bus Station in Cleveland, Ohio, showing the Streamline 
Moderne aesthetic.
Following World War I, a stylistic movement developed that embraced ideas 
of both modernism (or at least modernization) and traditionalism. It is 
characterized by the adoption of the machine aesthetic, glorification of 
technological advancement and new materials, while at the same time 
adopting or loosely retaining revivalist forms and motifs, and the continued 
use of ornament.

In the case of the Art deco, decorative motifs included both those evocative 
of technology (such as the lightning bolt (electricity) or the tire (the 
automobile)), and those of the exotic (such as drawing elements from 
Mesoamerican, African, and Ancient Egyptian designs). Frank Lloyd Wright 
himself experimented with Mayan Revival, culminating in the concrete 
cube-based Ennis House of 1924 in Los Angeles.

A later variant, Streamline Moderne, simultaneously both played a role in 
industrial design and borrowed forms from machines themselves.

More restrained forms with national imagery were adopted. In the United 
States, it took the form of "Stripped Classicism" (alternatively, "PWA 
Moderne" or "WPA Moderne") a stark version of the Neoclassicism of Federal 
buildings earlier in the century.[13] It application ranged in scale from local 
post-offices to the Pentagon. At the same time (as noted above), the rise in 
nationalism was reflected in the Stalinist architecture of the Soviet Union, 
Fascist architecture of Italy, and Nazi architecture of Germany, what historian 
Kenneth Frampton termed the "New Tradition".[14] To a less political extent, 
such an idea of modernized tradition could also be seen in 
contemporaneous Mycenaean Revival architecture.

During and following World War II, this broad branch of modern architecture 
declined, with the rise of the International Style and other mid-century 
architecture.

Wartime innovation[edit]

Quonset hut en route to Japan
World War II (1939 1945) and its aftermath was a major factor in driving 
innovation in building technology, and in turn, architectural possibilities.[13]
[15] The wartime industrial demands resulting in a supply shortage (of such 
things as steel and other metals), in turn leading to the adoption of new 
materials, and advancement or novel use of old ones. Similarly, surplus 
postwar industrial capacity accelerated the use of new materials and 
techniques, particular architectural aluminium (as a result of advances made 
in its use in aircraft, etc., during the war).[15] At the same time, there was a 
rapid demand for structures during the war (such as military and 
governmental facilities) as well as for housing after the war.

These factors encouraged experiments with prefabricated building. Though 
examples of prefabrication have existed since the beginning of the Industrial 
Revolution, with notable examples during the Interwar period such as the 
diner, the semi-circular metal Nissen hut of World War I revived as the 
Quonset hut, the post-war enameled-steel Lustron house (1947 1950), and 
Buckminster Fuller's experimental aluminum Dymaxion House.[16]

International Style[edit]
Main article: International Style (architecture)

This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve 
this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may 
be challenged and removed. (March 2014)

The Seagram Building, New York City, 1958, by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, 
is regarded as one of the finest examples of the functionalist aesthetic and a 
masterpiece of corporate modernism.
In 1932 (prior to World War II), the International Exhibition of Modern 
Architecture was held at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City. Philip 
Johnson and collaborator Henry-Russell Hitchcock drew together many 
distinct threads and trends in architecture, identified them as stylistically 
similar and having a common purpose, and consolidated them into the 
International style. This was a turning point. However, for the remainder of 
the Interwar period, the Moderne styles overshadowed this movement.

With the labeling of modernist art and architecture in Germany as 
degenerate, followed by World War II, important figures of the Bauhaus and 
New Objectivity fled to the United States: Marcel Breuer and Walter Gropius 
went to the Harvard Graduate School of Design (the former becoming part of 
a group known as the "Harvard Five"), Ludwig Mies van der Rohe to 
Chicago, with others going to Black Mountain College. Still others fled to 
British Palestine, contributing to the design of the White City of Tel Aviv.

While high-style modernist architectural design never became dominant in 
single-dwelling residential buildings in the United States, in institutional and 
commercial architecture Modernism became the pre-eminent, and in the 
schools (for leaders of the architectural profession) the only acceptable, 
design solution from about 1932 to about 1984.[citation needed]

Architects who worked in the International style wanted to break with 
architectural tradition and design simple, unornamented buildings. The most 
commonly used materials are glass for the facade (usually a curtain wall), 
steel for exterior support, and concrete for the floors and interior supports; 
floor plans were functional and logical. The style became most evident in the 
design of skyscrapers. Perhaps its most famous manifestations include the 
United Nations headquarters (Le Corbusier, Oscar Niemeyer, Sir Howard 
Robertson), the Seagram Building and the Toronto-Dominion Centre (Ludwig 
Mies van der Rohe), and Lever House (Skidmore, Owings & Merrill).

In the United States, a prominent early residential example was the Lovell 
House in Los Angeles, designed by Austrian expatriate Richard Neutra in the 
1920s. Other examples include the Case Study Houses. Commissioned 
between 1945 and 1966, the twenty or so homes that were built primarily in 
and around Los Angeles, designed by architects such as Neutra and 
Americans Charles and Ray Eames (the Eames House) have attracted 
hundreds of thousands of visitors since their completion, and have 
influenced many architects over the years, notably the British architect, 
Michael Manser, whose domestic work is best exemplified by Capel Manor 
House in Kent. These and other Modern residences tend to focus on 
humanizing the otherwise harsh ideal, making them more livable and 
ultimately more appealing to real people. Many of these designs use a 
similar tactic: blurring the line between indoor and outdoor spaces.[17] This 
is achieved by embracing "the box" while at the same time dissolving it into 
the background with minimal structure and large glass walls, as was 
particularly the case with the Farnsworth House by Mies van der Rohe and 
the Glass House by Philip Johnson, the later part of a set of residences by 
the "Harvard Five" in New Canaan, Connecticut. Some critics claim that 
these spaces remain too cold and static for the average person to function, 
however. The materials utilized in a large number of Modern homes are not 
hidden behind a softening facade. While this may make them somewhat 
less desirable for the general public, most modernist architects see this as a 
necessary and pivotal tenet of Modernism: uncluttered and purely Minimal 
design.[citation needed]

Urban design and mass housing[edit]

"Horseshoe Estate", Berlin (1925 1933), by Bruno Taut and Martin Wagner

National Congress of Brazil, by Oscar Niemeyer, in the modernist-designed 
city of Bras lia.
Main articles: Congr s International d'Architecture Moderne and Athens 
Charter
See also: Urban renewal
During the interwar period high-quality architecture was built on a large 
scale in some growing European cities including Berlin, Frankfurt, Vienna, 
and Rotterdam for broad sections of the population, including poorer people. 
In particular the Berlin housing estates built before the beginning of National 
Socialism set standards worldwide. They are seen right up to today as a 
major political and organisational achievement and therefore have been 
added to the UNESCO World heritage list in 2008.[18]

As a result of the economically difficult situation during the Weimar 
Republic, housing construction, which up to that time had been mainly 
privately financed and profit-oriented, had found itself at a dead end. 
Inflation was on the up and for citizens on low incomes decent housing was 
becoming increasingly unaffordable.

Consequently, the search was on to find new models for state-initiated 
housing construction, which could then be implemented with a passion from 
1920 on following the creation of Greater Berlin and the accompanying 
reform of local and regional government. The requirements for the type of 
flats to be built and the facilities they were to have were clearly defined, and 
the city was divided into different building zones. Following some basic ideas 
of the Garden city movement two- to three-storey housing estates that were 
well integrated into the landscape of the suburbs of the city were planned. 
The first large estate of this type with more than 2,000 residential units was 
the so-called Hufeisensiedlung (Horseshoe Estate) designed by Bruno Taut 
in Berlin.

After World War II the Congr s Internationaux d'Architecture Moderne (CIAM) 
was a force in shaping modernist urban planning, and consequently the 
design of cities and the structures within, from 1928 to 1959. Its 1933 
meeting resulted in the basis of what became the Athens Charter, which 
would drive urban planning practice for much of the mid-20th century. 
Following its principles, in the late 1950s the entirely-new city of Bras lia was 
built as a new capital for Brazil, designed by Lucio Costa, with prominent 
works for it designed by Oscar Niemeyer. Le Corbusier applied CIAM's 
principles in his design for the city of Chandigarh in India.

The devastation that WWII wrought in Europe, Asia, and the Pacific and 
subsequent post-war housing shortages resulted in a vast building and 
rebuilding of cities, with a variety of techniques employed for the creation of 
mass-housing. One attempt to solve this was by using the Tower block. In 
the Eastern Bloc, mass housing took the form of prefabricated panel 
buildings, such as the Plattenbau of East Germany, Khrushchyovka of 
Russia and the Panel k of Czechoslovakia.

Mid-Century reactions [edit]

Saint John's Abbey Church, Collegeville, Minnesota, United States, by 
Marcel Breuer, 1958-1961
Further information: Mid-Century modern
As the International Style took hold, others architects reacted to or strayed 
from its purely functionalist forms, while at the same time retaining highly 
modernist characteristics. Eero Saarinen, Alvar Aalto and Oscar Niemeyer 
were three of the most prolific architects and designers in this movement, 
which has influenced contemporary modernism.


TWA Terminal, John F. Kennedy Airport, New York, 1962, by Eero Saarinen

Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts

Central Library of UNAM, in Mexico City, 1950-1956, showing the detailed 
artwork of plastic integration.
Le Corbusier once described buildings as "machines for living", but people 
are not machines and it was suggested that they do not want to live in 
machines.[citation needed] During the middle of the century, some architects 
began experimenting in organic forms that they felt were more human and 
accessible. Mid-century modernism, or organic modernism, was very 
popular, due to its democratic and playful nature. Expressionist exploration 
of form was revived, such as in the Sydney Opera House in Australia by J rn 
Utzon. Eero Saarinen invoked suggestions of flight in his designs for the 
terminal at Dulles International Airport outside of Washington, D.C, or the 
TWA Terminal in New York, both finished in 1962.[19] The Mission 66 project 
of the United States National Park Service was also built during this time.

Contributing to these expressions were structural advances that enabled 
new forms to be possible or desirable. F lix Candela, a Spanish expatriate 
living in Mexico, and Italian engineer Pier Luigi Nervi, made particular strides 
in the use of reinforced concrete and concrete shell construction. In 1954, 
Buckminster Fuller patented the geodesic dome.

Another stylistic reaction was "New Formalism" (or "Neo-Formalism", 
sometimes shortened to "Formalism").[19][20] Like the pre-war "Stripped 
Classicism", "New Formalism" blended elements of classicism (at their most 
abstracted levels) with modernist designs.[21] Characteristics drawing on 
classicism include rigid symmetry, use of columns and colonnades or 
arcades, and use of high-end materials (such as marble or granite), yet 
works in this vein also characteristically use the flat roofs common with the 
International Style.[19][21] Architects working in this mode included Edward 
Durrell Stone, Minoru Yamasaki, and some of the middle-period work of 
Philip Johnson, with examples in the United States including the Kennedy 
Center (1971) and the National Museum of American History (1964) in 
Washington, D.C., and the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts (mid-
1960s) in New York.[19][21]


The Theme Building and control tower in Los Angeles International Airport.
Arising shortly after the end of World War II, a particular set of stylistic 
tendencies in the United States during this time is known as Googie (or 
"populuxe"), derived from futuristic visions inspired by the imagery of the 
Atomic Age and Space Age, with motifs such as atomic orbital patterns and 
"flying saucers", respectively, such as in the Space Needle in Seattle. 
Though the style was unique to the United States, similar iconography can 
be seen in the Atomium in Brussels.

A distinctly Mexican take on modernism, "plastic integration", was a 
syncretization of Mexican artistic traditions (such as muralism) with 
International Style forms,[22] and can be seen in the later works of Luis 
Barrag n and Juan O'Gorman, epitomized by the Ciudad Universitaria of 
UNAM in Mexico City.[23]

Brutalism and monumentality[edit]
Main article: Brutalist architecture

This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve 
this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may 
be challenged and removed. (March 2014)

The National Assembly Building of Bangladesh by Louis Kahn; compare its 
"weightiness" with works above.
Architects such as Louis Kahn, Paul Rudolph, Marcel Breuer, I.M. Pei and 
others responded to the "light" glass curtain walls advocated by Ludwig Mies 
van der Rohe, by creating architecture with an emphasis on more substantial 
materials, such as concrete and brick, and creating works with a 
"monumental" quality. "Brutalism" is a term derived from the use of "B ton 
brut" ("raw concrete"), unadorned, often with the mold marks remaining, 
though as a stylistic tendency, Brutalism would ultimately be applied more 
broadly to include the use of other materials such as brickwork in a similar 
fashion. The term was first used in architecture by Le Corbusier.

Late 20th-century reactions and movements[edit]
High-tech architecture[edit]
Further information: High-tech architecture
High-tech architecture, also known as Late Modernism or Structural 
Expressionism, is an architectural style that emerged in the 1970s, 
incorporating elements of high-tech industry and technology into building 
design. High-tech architecture appeared as a revamped modernism, an 
extension of those previous ideas helped by even more technological 
advances. This category serves as a bridge between modernism and post-
modernism, however there remain gray areas as to where one category ends 
and the other begins. In the 1980s, high-tech architecture became more 
difficult to distinguish from post-modern architecture. Some of its themes 
and ideas were later absorbed into the style of neo-futurism art and 
architectural movement.

Postmodern architecture[edit]
Main article: Postmodern architecture

This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve 
this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may 
be challenged and removed. (March 2014)

The Sony Tower (formerly AT&T building) in New York City, 1984, by Philip 
Johnson, illustrating a Postmodern spin on the boxy office towers that 
preceded it with the inclusion of a classical broken pediment on the top.
Modern architecture met with some criticism, which began in the 1960s on 
the grounds that it seemed universal, elitist, and lacked meaning. Siegfried 
Giedion in the 1961 introduction to his evolving text, Space, Time and 
Architecture (first written in 1941), began "At the moment a certain confusion 
exists in contemporary architecture, as in painting; a kind of pause, even a 
kind of exhaustion." At the Metropolitan Museum of Art, a 1961 symposium 
discussed the question "Modern Architecture: Death or Metamorphosis "


The Kaleida Health Gates Vascular Institute in Buffalo, New York, illustrates 
a cube like design wrapped with modern accents.
The loss of traditionalist structures to make way for new modernist 
construction, especially via the Urban Renewal movement, led to further 
criticism, particularly the demolition of New York Penn Station in 1963. That 
same year, controversy materialized around the Pan Am Building that 
loomed over Grand Central Terminal, taking advantage of the modernist real 
estate concept of "air rights",[24] In criticism by Ada Louise Huxtable and 
Douglass Haskell it was seen to "sever" the Park Avenue streetscape and 
"tarnish" the reputations of its consortium of architects: Walter Gropius, 
Pietro Belluschi and the builders Emery Roth & Sons. The proposal for a 
tower over the terminal itself resulted in the landmark U.S. Supreme Court 
case Penn Central Transportation Co. v. New York City, upholding the city's 
landmark laws. Alongside these preservation efforts came the increasing 
respectability and fashionability of more traditional styles.

Architects explored Postmodern architecture which offered a blend of some 
pre-modern elements, and deliberately sought to move away from rectilinear 
designs, towards more eclectic styles. Even Philip Johnson came to admit 
that he was "bored with the box." By the 1980s, postmodern architecture 
appeared to trend over modernism.

High Postmodern aesthetics lacked traction and by the mid-1990s, a new 
surge of modern architecture once again established international pre-
eminence. As part of this revival, much of the criticism of the modernists was 
re-evaluated; and a modernistic style once again dominates in institutional 
and commercial contemporary practice. Although modern and postmodern 
design compete with a revival of traditional architectural design in 
commercial and institutional architecture; residential design continues to be 
dominated by a traditional aesthetic.

Neomodern architecture[edit]
Further information: Neomodern
Neomodernism is a reaction to Postmodernism and its embrace of pre-
modern elements of design. Examples of modern architecture in the 21st 
century include One World Trade Center (2013) in New York City and Tour 
First (2011), the tallest office building in the Paris metropolitan area. Emporis 
named Chicago's Modern Aqua Tower (2009) its skyscraper of the year.[25]

Neofuturistic architecture[edit]
Further information: Neo-Futurism
Neo-futurism is a departure from post-modernism connected with an 
idealistic belief in a better future. Neofuturist urbanists, architects, designers 
and artists believe in cities releasing emotions, driven by eco-sustainability 
and ethical values and implementing new materials and new technologies
[26] to provide a better quality of life for residents.[27] Pioneered from early 
60s and late 70s by Finnish architect Eero Saarinen;[28][29] American 
architect Adrian Wilson[30] and Charles Luckman;[31][32] Danish architects 
Henning Larsen[33] and J rn Utzon;[34] the architectural movement was 
later named Neo-Futurism by French architect Denis Laming. He designed 
all of the buildings in Futuroscope, whose Kinemax is the flagship building.
[35] In the early 21st century, Neo-Futurism has been relaunched in 
December 2006 by innovation designer Vito Di Bari with the futuristic vision 
for the city of Milan[36] at the time of the Universal Expo 2015 included in the 
candidature presented to BIE (Bureau of International Expositions)[37] and 
envisioning "the convergence of art, cutting edge technologies and ethical 
values", later defined by Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava as "a fusion of 
architecture, art and engineering"[38] and by Danish architect Bjarke Ingels 
as "a pragmatic utopian architecture that takes on the creation of socially 
and environmentally perfect places. [39] Architects working in this mode 
include Pritzker Architecture Prize Iraqi-British architect Zaha Hadid[40][41]
[42] and Japanese Ryue Nishizawa;[43] Lubetkin Prize Winner British 
Thomas Heatherwick,[44][45] Spanish architects Santiago Calatrava,[46][47]
[48] Ferm n V zquez,[49] and Enric Massip-Bosch[50] and artists such as 
Indian sculptor Anish Kapoor,[51][52] Italian large-scale buildings artist Mario 
Arlati and Dutch kinetic sculptor Theo Jansen.[53]

New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture[edit]
Concurrently, the recent movements of New Urbanism and New Classical 
Architecture promote a sustainable approach towards construction, that 
appreciates and develops smart growth, architectural tradition and classical 
design.[54][55] This in contrast to modernist and globally uniform 
architecture, as well as leaning against solitary housing estates and 
suburban sprawl.[56] Both trends started in the 1980s. The Driehaus 
Architecture Prize is an award that recognizes efforts in New Urbanism and 
New Classical Architecture, and is endowed with a prize money twice as high 
as that of the modernist Pritzker Prize.[57]

Examples of contemporary modern architecture[edit]

Warszawa Centralna railway station (1975) in Warsaw
 

Crystal Cathedral (1980) in Garden Grove, California
 

Tour Total (1985) in the Paris suburb Courbevoie, La D fense district
 

Auditorio de Tenerife in Santa Cruz de Tenerife (2003)
 

Borgata (2003) in Atlantic City
 

Eureka Tower (2006) in Melbourne
 

Trump International Hotel and Tower (2009) in Chicago
 

Reina Sof a Museum in Madrid (2013)
 

Ciudad de las Artes y las Ciencias in Valencia (1998)
 

The University Library (2015) in Freiburg
Preservation[edit]

This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by 
adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged 
and removed. (March 2014)

In 2007, the Sydney Opera House by J rn Utzon was listed as a World 
Heritage Site.
Several works or collections of modern architecture have been designated 
by UNESCO as World Heritage Sites. In addition to the early experiments 
associated with Art Nouveau, these include a number of the structures 
mentioned above in this article: the Rietveld Schr der House in Utrecht, the 
Bauhaus structures in Weimar and Dessau, the Berlin Modernism Housing 
Estates, the White City of Tel Aviv, the city of Brasilia, the Ciudad 
Universitaria of UNAM in Mexico City and the University City of Caracas in 
Venezuela, and the Sydney Opera House.

Private organizations such as Docomomo International, the World 
Monuments Fund, and the Recent Past Preservation Network are working to 
safeguard and document imperiled Modern architecture. In 2006, the World 
Monuments Fund launched Modernism at Risk, an advocacy and 
conservation program.

Following the destruction caused by Hurricane Katrina, Modern structures in 
New Orleans have been increasingly slated for demolition. Plans are 
underway to demolish many of the city's Modern public schools, as well as 
large portions of the city's Civic Plaza. Federal Emergency Management 
Agency (FEMA) funds will contribute to razing the State Office Building and 
State Supreme Court Building, both designed by the collaborating 
architectural firms of August Perez and Associates; Goldstein, Parham and 
Labouisse; and Favrot, Reed, Mathes and Bergman. The New Orleans 
Recovery School District has proposed demolitions of schools designed by 
Charles R. Colbert, Curtis and Davis, and Ricciuti Associates. The 1959 
Lawrence and Saunders building for the New Orleans International 
Longshoremen's Association Local 1419 is currently threatened with 
demolition although the union supports its conservation.

See also[edit]
Portal icon Architecture portal
Modern furniture
Modern art
International style (architecture)
Organic architecture
Critical regionalism
Congr s International d'Architecture Moderne
References[edit]
^ Jump up to: a b "Growth, Efficiency, and Modernism" (PDF). U.S. General 
Services Administration. 2006 [2003]. pp. 14 15. Retrieved March 2011.
Jump up ^ Crouch, Christopher. 2000. "Modernism in Art Design and 
Architecture", New York: St. Martins Press. ISBN 0-312-21830-3 (cloth) ISBN 
0-312-21832-X (pbk)
Jump up ^ "Moderne Architektur: seinen Sch lern ein F hrer auf diesem 
Kunstgebiete - Otto Wagner - Google Books". Books.google.com. Retrieved 
2015-09-27.
Jump up ^ Otto Wagner. Translated by Harry Francis Mallgrave. Modern 
Architecture: A Guidebook for His Students to This Field of Art. Getty Center 
for the History of Art and the Humanities. 1988. ISBN 0-226-86938-5
Jump up ^ "Frank Lloyd Wright Dies; Famed Architect Was 89". 
Nytimes.com. 2010. Retrieved 16 December 2014.
Jump up ^ "Alexey Shchusev (1873-1949)". Retrieved 2015-08-16.
Jump up ^ Udovi ki-Selb, Danilo (2012-01-01). "Facing Hitler s Pavilion: The 
Uses of Modernity in the Soviet Pavilion at the 1937 Paris International 
Exhibition". Journal of Contemporary History 47 (1): 13 47. 
doi:10.1177/0022009411422369. ISSN 0022-0094.
Jump up ^ Lucius Burckhardt (1987) . The Werkbund.   : Hyperion Press. 
ISBN. Frederic J. Schwartz (1996). The Werkbund: Design Theory and Mass 
Culture Before the First World War. New Haven, Conn. : Yale University 
Press. ISBN.
Jump up ^ Mark Jarzombek. "Joseph August Lux: Werkbund Promoter, 
Historian of a Lost Modernity," Journal of the Society of Architectural 
Historians 63/1 (June 2004): 202 219.
Jump up ^ Jencks, p. 59
Jump up ^ Sharp, p. 68
Jump up ^ Pehnt, p. 163
^ Jump up to: a b "Growth, Efficiency, and Modernism" (PDF). U.S. General 
Services Administration. 2006 [2003]. p. 27. Retrieved March 2011.
Jump up ^ Frampton, Kenneth (1980). Modern Architecture: A Critical History 
(3rd ed.). Thames and Hudson. pp. 210 218. ISBN 0-500-20257-5.
^ Jump up to: a b Thomas C. Jester, ed. (1995). Twentieth-Century Building 
Materials. McGraw-Hill. pp. 41 42, 48 49. ISBN 0-07-032573-1.
Jump up ^ Thomas C. Jester, ed. (1995). Twentieth-Century Building 
Materials. McGraw-Hill. p. 259. ISBN 0-07-032573-1.
Jump up ^ [1] Archived July 21, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
Jump up ^ Berlin Modernism Housing Estates. Inscription on the UNESCO 
World Heritage List; German/English; Editor: Berlin Monument Authority - 
ISBN 978-3-03768-000-1
^ Jump up to: a b c d "Growth, Efficiency, and Modernism" (PDF). U.S. 
General Services Administration. 2006 [2003]. pp. 16, 34. Retrieved March 
2011.
Jump up ^ Handlin, David P. (2004) [1985]. American Architecture. Thames & 
Hudson. pp. 247 248. ISBN 0-500-20373-3.
^ Jump up to: a b c "New Formalism". Performing Arts Center of Los Angeles 
County. Retrieved March 2011.; excerpting from HABS documentation: "Los 
Angeles Music Center". Historic American Building Survey.
Jump up ^ "Plastic Integration". Patrimonio Cultural de la Humanidad 
(Website). UNAM. Retrieved March 2011.
Jump up ^ "Central University City Campus of the Universidad Nacional Aut 
noma de M xico (UNAM)". World Heritage List. UNESCO. Retrieved March 
2011.
Jump up ^ Meredith L. Clausen, 2005. The Pan Am building and the 
shattering of the Modernist Dream (Cambridge: MIT Press) (On-line 
analytical review)
Jump up ^ "Aqua Named 2009 Skyscraper of the Year". NBC Chicago. 
Retrieved 25 September 2015.
Jump up ^ Hal Foster (1987). "Neo-Futurism: Architecture and Technology". 
Architectural Association School of Architecture (Jstor.org). Retrieved 2015-
09-27.
Jump up ^ "Neofuturism Architecture And Technology, SCI-Arc Media 
Archive". Sma.sciarc.edu. 1987-10-05. Retrieved 2014-01-25.
Jump up ^ Rory Stott (31 August 2015). "Eero Saarinen - ArchDaily". 
Archdaily.com. Retrieved 25 September 2015.
Jump up ^ "Eero Saarinen's TWA Terminal To Become A Luxury Hotel". 
Co.Design. Retrieved 25 September 2015.
Jump up ^ "Adrian Wilson". Architectural Digest. Retrieved 25 September 
2015.
Jump up ^ "Airports: A Century of Architecture: Hugh Pearman: 
9780810950122: Amazon.com: Books". Amazon.com. Retrieved 2015-09-27.
Jump up ^ "December 2012 Newsletter" (PDF). Preservationdallas.org. 
Retrieved 2015-09-27.
Jump up ^ "Opera Cake: Neo-Futurism at Danish Royal Opera". Opera-
cake.blogspot.com. Retrieved 25 September 2015.
Jump up ^ "Sydney Opera House, Sydney - SkyscraperPage.com". 
Skyscraperpage.com. Retrieved 25 September 2015.
Jump up ^ "Denis Laming Architectes". Laming.fr. Retrieved 25 September 
2015.
Jump up ^ "Expo 2015: Innovation Design by Vito Di Bari". YouTube. 
Retrieved 2014-01-25
Jump up ^ [2] Archived December 25, 2013, at the Wayback Machine.
Jump up ^ "Santiago Calatrava. Complete Works 1979Industrial Revolution
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

A Watt steam engine. James Watt transformed the steam engine from a 
reciprocating motion that was used for pumping to a rotating motion suited 
to industrial applications. Watt and others significantly improved the 
efficiency of the steam engine.

Iron and Coal, 1855 60, by William Bell Scott illustrates the rise of coal and 
iron working in the Industrial Revolution and the heavy engineering projects 
they made possible.
The Industrial Revolution was the transition to new manufacturing processes 
in the period from about 1760 to sometime between 1820 and 1840. This 
transition included going from hand production methods to machines, new 
chemical manufacturing and iron production processes, improved efficiency 
of water power, the increasing use of steam power, the development of 
machine tools and the rise of the factory system. Textiles were the dominant 
industry of the Industrial Revolution in terms of employment, value of output 
and capital invested; the textile industry was also the first to use modern 
production methods.[1]:40

The Industrial Revolution marks a major turning point in history; almost every 
aspect of daily life was influenced in some way. In particular, average income 
and population began to exhibit unprecedented sustained growth. Some 
economists say that the major impact of the Industrial Revolution was that 
the standard of living for the general population began to increase 
consistently for the first time in history, although others have said that it did 
not begin to meaningfully improve until the late 19th and 20th centuries.[2]
[3][4] At approximately the same time the Industrial Revolution was 
occurring, Britain was undergoing an agricultural revolution, which also 
helped to improve living standards.

The Industrial Revolution began in the United Kingdom and most of the 
important technological innovations were British. Mechanized textile 
production spread to continental Europe in the early 19th century, with 
important centers in France. A major iron making center developed in 
Belgium. Since then industrialisation has spread throughout the world.[1] 
The precise start and end of the Industrial Revolution is still debated among 
historians, as is the pace of economic and social changes.[5][6][7][8] GDP 
per capita was broadly stable before the Industrial Revolution and the 
emergence of the modern capitalist economy,[9] while the Industrial 
Revolution began an era of per-capita economic growth in capitalist 
economies.[10] Economic historians are in agreement that the onset of the 
Industrial Revolution is the most important event in the history of humanity 
since the domestication of animals and plants.[11]

The First Industrial Revolution evolved into the Second Industrial Revolution 
in the transition years between 1840 and 1870, when technological and 
economic progress continued with the increasing adoption of steam 
transport (steam-powered railways, boats and ships), the large-scale 
manufacture of machine tools and the increasing use of machinery in 
steam-powered factories.[12][13][14]

Contents  [hide] 
1 Etymology
2 Important technological developments
2.1 Textile manufacture
2.2 Metallurgy
2.3 Steam power
2.4 Machine tools
2.5 Chemicals
2.6 Cement
2.7 Gas lighting
2.8 Glass making
2.9 Paper machine
2.10  Agriculture
2.11  Mining
2.12  Other developments
2.13  Transportation
2.13.1  Canals
2.13.2  Roads
2.13.3  Railways
3 Social effects
3.1 Factory system
3.2 Standards of living
3.2.1 Food and nutrition
3.2.2 Housing
3.2.3 Clothing and consumer goods
3.3 Population increase
3.4 Labour conditions
3.4.1 Social structure and working conditions
3.4.2 Factories and urbanisation
3.4.3 Child labour
3.4.4 Luddites
3.4.5 Organisation of labour
3.5 Other effects
4 Industrialisation beyond the United Kingdom
4.1 Continental Europe
4.1.1 Belgium
4.1.1.1 Demographic effects
4.1.2 France
4.1.3 Germany
4.1.4 Sweden
4.2 United States
4.3 Japan
5 Second Industrial Revolutions
6 Intellectual paradigms and criticism
6.1 Capitalism
6.2 Socialism
6.3 Romanticism
7 Causes
7.1 Causes in Europe
7.2 Causes in Britain
7.3 Transfer of knowledge
7.3.1 Protestant work ethic
8 See also
9 References
9.1 Bibliography
9.2 Historiography
9.3 Notes
10  External links
Etymology
The earliest recorded use of the term "Industrial Revolution" seems to have 
been in a letter from 6 July 1799 written by French envoy Louis-Guillaume 
Otto, announcing that France had entered the race to industrialise.[15] In his 
1976 book Keywords: A Vocabulary of Culture and Society, Raymond 
Williams states in the entry for "Industry": "The idea of a new social order 
based on major industrial change was clear in Southey and Owen, between 
1811 and 1818, and was implicit as early as Blake in the early 1790s and 
Wordsworth at the turn of the [19th] century." The term Industrial Revolution 
applied to technological change was becoming more common by the late 
1830s, as in J r me-Adolphe Blanqui's description in 1837 of la r volution 
industrielle.[16] Friedrich Engels in The Condition of the Working Class in 
England in 1844 spoke of "an industrial revolution, a revolution which at the 
same time changed the whole of civil society". However, although Engels 
wrote in the 1840s, his book was not translated into English until the late 
1800s, and his expression did not enter everyday language until then. Credit 
for popularising the term may be given to Arnold Toynbee, whose 1881 
lectures gave a detailed account of the term.[17]

Some historians, such as John Clapham and Nicholas Crafts, have argued 
that the economic and social changes occurred gradually and the term 
revolution is a misnomer. This is still a subject of debate among historians.

Important technological developments
The commencement of the Industrial Revolution is closely linked to a small 
number of innovations,[18] beginning in the second half of the 18th century. 
By the 1830s the following gains had been made in important technologies:

Textiles   Mechanised cotton spinning powered by steam or water greatly 
increased the output of a worker. The power loom increased the output of a 
worker by a factor of over 40.[19] The cotton gin increased productivity of 
removing seed from cotton by a factor of 50.[13] Large gains in productivity 
also occurred in spinning and weaving of wool and linen, but they were not 
as great as in cotton.[1]
Steam power   The efficiency of steam engines increased so that they used 
between one-fifth and one-tenth as much fuel. The adaptation of stationary 
steam engines to rotary motion made them suitable for industrial uses.[1]:82 
The high pressure engine had a high power to weight ratio, making it 
suitable for transportation.[20] Steam power underwent a rapid expansion 
after 1800.
Iron making   The substitution of coke for charcoal greatly lowered the fuel 
cost for pig iron and wrought iron production.[1]:89 93 Using coke also 
allowed larger blast furnaces,[1]:218[21] resulting in economies of scale. The 
cast iron blowing cylinder was first used in 1760. It was later improved by 
making it double acting, which allowed higher furnace temperatures. The 
puddling process produced a structural grade iron at a lower cost than the 
finery forge[1]:91 The rolling mill was fifteen times faster than hammering 
wrought iron. Hot blast (1828) greatly increased fuel efficiency in iron 
production in the following decades.
Textile manufacture
Main article: Textile manufacture during the Industrial Revolution
In the late 17th and early 18th centuries the British government passed a 
series of Calico Acts in order to protect the domestic woollen industry from 
the increasing amounts of cotton fabric imported from India.[1]:82[22]

The demand for heavier fabric was met by a domestic industry based around 
Lancashire that produced fustian, a cloth with flax warp and cotton weft. Flax 
was used for the warp because wheel spun cotton did not have sufficient 
strength, but the resulting blend was not as soft as 100% cotton and was 
more difficult to sew.[22]

On the eve of the Industrial Revolution, spinning and weaving were done in 
households, for domestic consumption and as a cottage industry under the 
putting-out system. Occasionally the work was done in the workshop of a 
master weaver. Under the putting-out system, home-based workers 
produced under contract to merchant sellers, who often supplied the raw 
materials. In the off season the women, typically farmers' wives, did the 
spinning and the men did the weaving. Using the spinning wheel it took 
anywhere from four to eight spinners to supply one hand loom weaver.[1]
[22][23]:823 The flying shuttle patented in 1733 by John Kay, with a number 
of subsequent improvements including an important one in 1747, doubled 
the output of a weaver, worsening the imbalance between spinning and 
weaving. It became widely used around Lancashire after 1760 when John's 
son, Robert, invented the drop box.[23]:821 22

Watch video: Demonstration of fly shuttle on YouTube
Lewis Paul patented the roller spinning frame and the flyer-and-bobbin 
system for drawing wool to a more even thickness. The technology was 
developed with the help of John Wyatt of Birmingham. Paul and Wyatt 
opened a mill in Birmingham which used their new rolling machine powered 
by a donkey. In 1743, a factory opened in Northampton with fifty spindles on 
each of five of Paul and Wyatt's machines. This operated until about 1764. A 
similar mill was built by Daniel Bourn in Leominster, but this burnt down. 
Both Lewis Paul and Daniel Bourn patented carding machines in 1748. 
Based on two sets of rollers that travelled at different speeds, it was later 
used in the first cotton spinning mill. Lewis's invention was later developed 
and improved by Richard Arkwright in his water frame and Samuel Crompton 
in his spinning mule.


Model of the spinning jenny in a museum in Wuppertal. Invented by James 
Hargreaves in 1764, the spinning jenny was one of the innovations that 
started the revolution.
In 1764 in the village of Stanhill, Lancashire, James Hargreaves invented the 
spinning jenny, which he patented in 1770. It was the first practical spinning 
frame with multiple spindles.[24] The jenny worked in a similar manner to 
the spinning wheel, by first clamping down on the fibres, then by drawing 
them out, followed by twisting.[25] It was a simple, wooden framed machine 
that only cost about  6 for a 40 spindle model in 1792,[1]:63 and was used 
mainly by home spinners. The jenny produced a lightly twisted yarn only 
suitable for weft, not warp.[23]:825 27

The spinning frame or water frame was developed by Richard Arkwright who, 
along with two partners, patented it in 1769. The design was partly based on 
a spinning machine built for Thomas High by clock maker John Kay, who 
was hired by Arkwright.[23]:827 30 For each spindle, the water frame used a 
series of four pairs of rollers, each operating at a successively higher rotating 
speed, to draw out the fibre, which was then twisted by the spindle. The 
roller spacing was slightly longer than the fibre length. Too close a spacing 
caused the fibres to break while too distant a spacing caused uneven 
thread. The top rollers were leather covered and loading on the rollers was 
applied by a weight. The weights kept the twist from backing up before the 
rollers. The bottom rollers were wood and metal, with fluting along the 
length. The water frame was able to produce a hard, medium count thread 
suitable for warp, finally allowing 100% cotton cloth to be made in Britain. A 
horse powered the first factory to use the spinning frame. Arkwright and his 
partners used water power at a factory in Cromford, Derbyshire in 1771, 
giving the invention its name.

Watch video: Demonstration of water frame on YouTube

The only surviving example of a spinning mule built by the inventor Samuel 
Crompton. The mule produced superior quality thread with minimal labor.
Samuel Crompton's Spinning Mule, introduced in 1779, was a combination 
of the spinning jenny and the water frame in which the spindles were placed 
on a carriage, which went through an operational sequence during which the 
rollers stopped while the carriage moved away from the drawing roller to 
finish drawing out the fibres as the spindles started rotating.[23]:832 
Crompton's mule was able to produce finer thread than hand spinning and 
at a lower cost. Mule spun thread was of suitable strength to be used as 
warp, and finally allowed Britain to produce good quality calico cloth.[23]:832

Watch video: Demonstration of spinning mule on YouTube

Interior of Marshall's Temple Works
Realising that the expiration of the Arkwright patent would greatly increase 
the supply of spun cotton and lead to a shortage of weavers, Edmund 
Cartwright developed a vertical power loom which he patented in 1785. In 
1776 he patented a two-man operated loom, that was more conventional.
[23]:834 Cartwright built two factories; the first burned down and the second 
was sabotaged by his workers. Cartwright's loom design had several flaws, 
the most serious being thread breakage. Samuel Horrocks patented a fairly 
successful loom in 1813. Horock's loom was improved by Richard Roberts in 
1822 and these were produced in large numbers by Roberts, Hill & Co.[26]

The demand for cotton presented an opportunity to planters in the Southern 
United States, who thought upland cotton would be a profitable crop if a 
better way could be found to remove the seed. Eli Whitney responded to the 
challenge by inventing the inexpensive cotton gin. With a cotton gin a man 
could remove seed from as much upland cotton in one day as would have 
previously taken a woman working two months to process at one pound per 
day.[13]

Other inventors increased the efficiency of the individual steps of spinning 
(carding, twisting and spinning, and rolling) so that the supply of yarn 
increased greatly. This in turn fed a weaving industry that advanced with 
improvements to shuttles and the loom or 'frame'. The output of an individual 
labourer increased dramatically, with the effect that the new machines were 
seen as a threat to employment, and early innovators were attacked and 
their inventions destroyed.

To capitalise upon these advances, it took a class of entrepreneurs, of whom 
the best known is Richard Arkwright. He is credited with a list of inventions, 
but these were actually developed by such people as Thomas Highs and 
John Kay; Arkwright nurtured the inventors, patented the ideas, financed the 
initiatives, and protected the machines. He created the cotton mill which 
brought the production processes together in a factory, and he developed 
the use of power first horse power and then water power which made cotton 
manufacture a mechanised industry. Before long steam power was applied 
to drive textile machinery. Manchester acquired the nickname Cottonopolis 
during the early 19th century owing to its sprawl of textile factories.[27]

Metallurgy

The Reverberatory Furnace could produce cast iron using mined coal. The 
burning coal remained separate from the iron ore and so did not 
contaminate the iron with impurities like sulphur and ash. This opened the 
way to increased iron production.

The Iron Bridge, Shropshire, England

Coalbrookdale by Night by Philip James de Loutherbourg, painted 1801. 
This shows Madeley Wood (or Bedlam) Furnaces, which belonged to the 
Coalbrookdale Company from 1776 to 1796.
A major change in the metal industries during the era of the Industrial 
Revolution was the replacement of wood and other bio-fuels with coal. For a 
given amount of heat, coal required much less labour to mine than cutting 
wood and converting it to charcoal,[28] and coal was more abundant than 
wood.[1]

Use of coal in smelting started somewhat before the Industrial Revolution, 
based on innovations by Sir Clement Clerke and others from 1678, using 
coal reverberatory furnaces known as cupolas. These were operated by the 
flames playing on the ore and charcoal or coke mixture, reducing the oxide 
to metal. This has the advantage that impurities (such as sulfur ash) in the 
coal do not migrate into the metal. This technology was applied to lead from 
1678 and to copper from 1687. It was also applied to iron foundry work in the 
1690s, but in this case the reverberatory furnace was known as an air 
furnace. The foundry cupola is a different (and later) innovation.

This was followed by Abraham Darby, who made great strides using coke to 
fuel his blast furnaces at Coalbrookdale in 1709. However, the coke pig iron 
he made was used mostly for the production of cast-iron goods, such as 
pots and kettles. He had the advantage over his rivals in that his pots, cast 
by his patented process, were thinner and cheaper than theirs. Coke pig iron 
was hardly used to produce bar iron in forges until the mid-1750s, when his 
son Abraham Darby II built Horsehay and Ketley furnaces (not far from 
Coalbrookdale). By then, coke pig iron was cheaper than charcoal pig iron. 
Since cast iron was becoming cheaper and more plentiful, it began being a 
structural material following the building of the innovative Iron Bridge in 1778 
by Abraham Darby III.

Bar iron for smiths to forge into consumer goods was still made in finery 
forges, as it long had been. However, new processes were adopted in the 
ensuing years. The first is referred to today as potting and stamping, but this 
was superseded by Henry Cort's puddling process.

Henry Cort developed two significant iron manufacturing processes: rolling 
in 1783 and puddling in 1784.[1]:91 Rolling replaced hammering for 
consolidating wrought iron and expelling some of the dross. Rolling was 15 
times faster than hammering with a trip hammer. Roller mills were first used 
for making sheets, but also were developed for rolling structural shapes 
such as angles and rails.

Puddling produced a structural grade iron at a relatively low cost.Puddling 
was a means of decarburizing pig iron by slow oxidation, with iron ore as the 
oxygen source, as the iron was manually stirred using a long rod. The 
decarburized iron, having a higher melting point than cast iron, was raked 
into globs by the puddler. When the glob was large enough the puddler 
would remove it. Puddling was backbreaking and extremely hot work. Few 
puddlers lived to be 40.[29] Puddling was done in a reverberatory furnace, 
allowing coal or coke to be used as fuel. The puddling process continued to 
be used until the late 19th century when iron was being displaced by steel. 
Because puddling required human skill in sensing the iron globs, it was 
never successfully mechanised.

Up to that time, British iron manufacturers had used considerable amounts 
of imported iron to supplement native supplies. This came principally from 
Sweden from the mid-17th century and later also from Russia from the end 
of the 1720s. However, from 1785, imports decreased because of the new 
iron making technology, and Britain became an exporter of bar iron as well 
as manufactured wrought iron consumer goods.

Hot blast, patented by James Beaumont Neilson in 1828, was the most 
important development of the 19th century for saving energy in making pig 
iron. By using waste exhaust heat to preheat combustion air, the amount of 
fuel to make a unit of pig iron was reduced at first by between one-third 
using coal or two-thirds using coke;[1]:92 however, the efficiency gains 
continued as the technology improved.[30] Hot blast also raised the 
operating temperature of furnaces, increasing their capacity. Using less coal 
or coke meant introducing fewer impurities into the pig iron. This meant that 
lower quality coal or anthracite could be used in areas where coking coal 
was unavailable or too expensive;[31] however, by the end of the 19th 
century transportation costs fell considerably.

Two decades before the Industrial Revolution an improvement was made in 
the production of steel, which was an expensive commodity and used only 
where iron would not do, such as for cutting edge tools and for springs. 
Benjamin Huntsman developed his crucible steel technique in the 1740s. 
The raw material for this was blister steel, made by the cementation process.

The supply of cheaper iron and steel aided a number of industries, such as 
those making nails, hinges, wire and other hardware items. The 
development of machine tools allowed better working of iron, causing it to be 
increasingly used in the rapidly growing machinery and engine industries.

Steam power
Main article: Steam power during the Industrial Revolution

The 1698 Savery Engine (piston-less steam pump)  the world's first 
commercially useful steam powered device: built by Thomas Savery.
The development of the stationary steam engine was an important element 
of the Industrial Revolution; however, during the early period of the Industrial 
Revolution, the majority of industrial power was supplied by water and wind. 
In Britain by 1800 an estimated 10,000 horsepower was being supplied by 
steam. By 1815 steam power had grown to 210,000 hp.[1]:104 Small power 
requirements continued to be provided by animal and human muscle until 
the late 19th century.[32]

The first commercially successful industrial use of steam power was due to 
Thomas Savery in 1698. He constructed and patented in London a low-lift 
combined vacuum and pressure water pump, that generated about one 
horsepower (hp) and was used in numerous water works and in a few mines 
(hence its "brand name", The Miner's Friend). Savery's pump was 
economical in small horsepower ranges, but was prone to boiler explosions 
in larger sizes. Savery pumps continued to be produced until the late 18th 
century.


Newcomen's steam powered atmospheric engine was the first practical 
piston steam engine. Subsequent steam engines were to power the 
Industrial Revolution.
The first successful piston steam engine was introduced by Thomas 
Newcomen before 1712. A number of Newcomen engines were successfully 
put to use in Britain for draining hitherto unworkable deep mines, with the 
engine on the surface; these were large machines, requiring a lot of capital 
to build, and produced about 5 hp (3.7 kW). They were extremely inefficient 
by modern standards, but when located where coal was cheap at pit heads, 
opened up a great expansion in coal mining by allowing mines to go deeper. 
Despite their disadvantages, Newcomen engines were reliable and easy to 
maintain and continued to be used in the coalfields until the early decades 
of the 19th century. By 1729, when Newcomen died, his engines had spread 
(first) to Hungary in 1722, Germany, Austria, and Sweden. A total of 110 are 
known to have been built by 1733 when the joint patent expired, of which 14 
were abroad. In the 1770s, the engineer John Smeaton built some very large 
examples and introduced a number of improvements. A total of 1,454 
engines had been built by 1800.[33]


Scottish mechanical engineer and inventor James Watt
A fundamental change in working principles was brought about by 
Scotsman James Watt. In close collaboration with Englishman Matthew 
Boulton, he had succeeded by 1778 in perfecting his steam engine, which 
incorporated a series of radical improvements, notably the closing off of the 
upper part of the cylinder thereby making the low pressure steam drive the 
top of the piston instead of the atmosphere, use of a steam jacket and the 
celebrated separate steam condenser chamber. The separate condenser did 
away with the cooling water that had been injected directly into the cylinder, 
which cooled the cylinder and wasted steam. Likewise, the steam jacket kept 
steam from condensing in the cylinder, also improving efficiency. These 
improvements increased engine efficiency so that Boulton & Watts engines 
used only 20 25% as much coal per horsepower-hour as Newcomen's. 
Boulton and Watt opened the Soho Foundry, for the manufacture of such 
engines, in 1795.

By 1783 the Watt steam engine had been fully developed into a double-
acting rotative type, which meant that it could be used to directly drive the 
rotary machinery of a factory or mill. Both of Watt's basic engine types were 
commercially very successful, and by 1800, the firm Boulton & Watt had 
constructed 496 engines, with 164 driving reciprocating pumps, 24 serving 
blast furnaces, and 308 powering mill machinery; most of the engines 
generated from 5 to 10 hp (7.5 kW).

The development of machine tools, such as the engine lathe, planing, 
milling and shaping machines powered by these engines, enabled all the 
metal parts of the engines to be easily and accurately cut and in turn made 
it possible to build larger and more powerful engines.

Until about 1800, the most common pattern of steam engine was the beam 
engine, built as an integral part of a stone or brick engine-house, but soon 
various patterns of self-contained rotative engines (readily removable, but 
not on wheels) were developed, such as the table engine. Around the start 
of the 19th century, the Cornish engineer Richard Trevithick, and the 
American, Oliver Evans began to construct higher pressure non-condensing 
steam engines, exhausting against the atmosphere. High pressure yielded 
an engine and boiler compact enough to be used on mobile road and rail 
locomotives and steam boats.

Machine tools
Main article: Machine tool
See also: Interchangeable parts

Maudslay's famous early screw-cutting lathes of circa 1797 and 1800

The Middletown milling machine of circa 1818, associated with Robert 
Johnson and Simeon North

The milling machine built by James Nasmyth between 1829 and 1831 for 
milling the six sides of a hex nut using an indexing fixture

Sir Joseph Whitworth, a leading machine tool maker and namesake of the 
British Standard Whitworth thread for machine screws
The Industrial Revolution created a demand for metal parts used in 
machinery. This led to the development of several machine tools for cutting 
metal parts. They have their origins in the tools developed in the 18th 
century by makers of clocks and watches and scientific instrument makers to 
enable them to batch-produce small mechanisms.

Before the advent of machine tools, metal was worked manually using the 
basic hand tools of hammers, files, scrapers, saws and chisels. 
Consequently, the use of metal was kept to a minimum. Wooden 
components had the disadvantage of changing dimensions with temperature 
and humidity, and the various joints tended to rack (work loose) over time. As 
the Industrial Revolution progressed, machines with metal parts and frames 
became more common. Hand methods of production were very laborious 
and costly and precision was difficult to achieve. Pre-industrial machinery 
was built by various craftsmen millwrights built water and wind mills, 
carpenters made wooden framing, and smiths and turners made metal 
parts.

The first large machine tool was the cylinder boring machine used for boring 
the large-diameter cylinders on early steam engines. The planing machine, 
the milling machine and the shaping machine were developed in the early 
decades of the 19th century. Although the milling machine was invented at 
this time, it was not developed as a serious workshop tool until somewhat 
later in the 19th century.

Watch video: Demonstration of industrial lathe on YouTube
Watch video: Demonstration of milling machine on YouTube
Watch video: Demonstration of metal planer on YouTube
Henry Maudslay, who trained a school of machine tool makers early in the 
19th century, was a mechanic with superior ability who had been employed 
at the Royal Arsenal, Woolwich. He was hired away by Joseph Bramah for 
the production of high security metal locks that required precision 
craftsmanship. Bramah patented a lathe that had similarities to the slide rest 
lathe. Maudslay perfected the slide rest lathe, which could cut machine 
screws of different thread pitches by using changeable gears between the 
spindle and the lead screw. Before its invention screws could not be cut to 
any precision using various earlier lathe designs, some of which copied from 
a template.[13][23]:392 95 The slide rest lathe was called one of history's 
most important inventions, although not entirely Maudslay's idea.[13]:31, 36

Maudslay left Bramah's employment and set up his own shop. He was 
engaged to build the machinery for making ships' pulley blocks for the Royal 
Navy in the Portsmouth Block Mills. These machines were all-metal and 
were the first machines for mass production and making components with a 
degree of interchangeability. The lessons Maudslay learned about the need 
for stability and precision he adapted to the development of machine tools, 
and in his workshops he trained a generation of men to build on his work, 
such as Richard Roberts, Joseph Clement and Joseph Whitworth.

James Fox of Derby had a healthy export trade in machine tools for the first 
third of the century, as did Matthew Murray of Leeds. Roberts was a maker 
of high-quality machine tools and a pioneer of the use of jigs and gauges for 
precision workshop measurement.

The impact of machine tools during the Industrial Revolution was not that 
great because other than firearms, threaded fasteners and a few other 
industries there were few mass-produced metal parts.[34] In the half century 
following the invention of the fundamental machine tools the machine 
industry became the largest industrial sector of the economy, by value 
added, in the U.S.[35]

Chemicals

The Thames Tunnel (opened 1843).
Cement was used in the world's first underwater tunnel.
The large scale production of chemicals was an important development 
during the Industrial Revolution. The first of these was the production of 
sulphuric acid by the lead chamber process invented by the Englishman 
John Roebuck (James Watt's first partner) in 1746. He was able to greatly 
increase the scale of the manufacture by replacing the relatively expensive 
glass vessels formerly used with larger, less expensive chambers made of 
riveted sheets of lead. Instead of making a small amount each time, he was 
able to make around 100 pounds (50 kg) in each of the chambers, at least a 
tenfold increase.

The production of an alkali on a large scale became an important goal as 
well, and Nicolas Leblanc succeeded in 1791 in introducing a method for the 
production of sodium carbonate. The Leblanc process was a reaction of 
sulphuric acid with sodium chloride to give sodium sulphate and 
hydrochloric acid. The sodium sulphate was heated with limestone (calcium 
carbonate) and coal to give a mixture of sodium carbonate and calcium 
sulphide. Adding water separated the soluble sodium carbonate from the 
calcium sulphide. The process produced a large amount of pollution (the 
hydrochloric acid was initially vented to the air, and calcium sulphide was a 
useless waste product). Nonetheless, this synthetic soda ash proved 
economical compared to that from burning specific plants (barilla) or from 
kelp, which were the previously dominant sources of soda ash,[36] and also 
to potash (potassium carbonate) derived from hardwood ashes.

These two chemicals were very important because they enabled the 
introduction of a host of other inventions, replacing many small-scale 
operations with more cost-effective and controllable processes. Sodium 
carbonate had many uses in the glass, textile, soap, and paper industries. 
Early uses for sulphuric acid included pickling (removing rust) iron and steel, 
and for bleaching cloth.

The development of bleaching powder (calcium hypochlorite) by Scottish 
chemist Charles Tennant in about 1800, based on the discoveries of French 
chemist Claude Louis Berthollet, revolutionised the bleaching processes in 
the textile industry by dramatically reducing the time required (from months 
to days) for the traditional process then in use, which required repeated 
exposure to the sun in bleach fields after soaking the textiles with alkali or 
sour milk. Tennant's factory at St Rollox, North Glasgow, became the largest 
chemical plant in the world.

After 1860 the focus on chemical innovation was in dyestuffs, and Germany 
took world leadership, building a strong chemical industry.[37] Aspiring 
chemists flocked to German universities in the 1860 1914 era to learn the 
latest techniques. British scientists by contrast, lacked research universities 
and did not train advanced students; instead the practice was to hire 
German-trained chemists.[38]

Cement
In 1824 Joseph Aspdin, a British bricklayer turned builder, patented a 
chemical process for making portland cement which was an important 
advance in the building trades. This process involves sintering a mixture of 
clay and limestone to about 1,400  C (2,552  F), then grinding it into a fine 
powder which is then mixed with water, sand and gravel to produce 
concrete. Portland cement was used by the famous English engineer Marc 
Isambard Brunel several years later when constructing the Thames Tunnel.
[39] Cement was used on a large scale in the construction of the London 
sewerage system a generation later.

Gas lighting
Main article: Gas lighting
Another major industry of the later Industrial Revolution was gas lighting. 
Though others made a similar innovation elsewhere, the large-scale 
introduction of this was the work of William Murdoch, an employee of 
Boulton and Watt, the Birmingham steam engine pioneers. The process 
consisted of the large-scale gasification of coal in furnaces, the purification 
of the gas (removal of sulphur, ammonia, and heavy hydrocarbons), and its 
storage and distribution. The first gas lighting utilities were established in 
London between 1812 and 1820. They soon became one of the major 
consumers of coal in the UK. Gas lighting had an impact on social and 
industrial organisation because it allowed factories and stores to remain 
open longer than with tallow candles or oil. Its introduction allowed night life 
to flourish in cities and towns as interiors and streets could be lighted on a 
larger scale than before.

Glass making
Main article: Glass production

The Crystal Palace held the Great Exhibition of 1851
A new method of producing glass, known as the cylinder process, was 
developed in Europe during the early 19th century. In 1832, this process was 
used by the Chance Brothers to create sheet glass. They became the 
leading producers of window and plate glass. This advancement allowed for 
larger panes of glass to be created without interruption, thus freeing up the 
space planning in interiors as well as the fenestration of buildings. The 
Crystal Palace is the supreme example of the use of sheet glass in a new 
and innovative structure.

Paper machine
Main article: Paper machine
A machine for making a continuous sheet of paper on a loop of wire fabric 
was patented in 1798 by Nicholas Louis Robert who worked for Saint-L ger 
Didot family in France. The paper machine is known as a Fourdrinier after 
the financiers, brothers Sealy and Henry Fourdrinier, who were stationers in 
London. Although greatly improved and with many variations, the Fourdriner 
machine is the predominant means of paper production today.

The method of continuous production demonstrated by the paper machine 
influenced the development of continuous rolling of iron and later steel and 
other continuous production processes.[40]

Agriculture
Main article: British Agricultural Revolution
The British Agricultural Revolution is considered one of the causes of the 
Industrial Revolution because improved agricultural productivity freed up 
workers to work in other sectors of the economy.[41]

Industrial technologies that affected farming included the seed drill, the 
Dutch plough, which contained iron parts, and the threshing machine.

Jethro Tull invented an improved seed drill in 1701. It was a mechanical 
seeder which distributed seeds evenly across a plot of land and planted 
them at the correct depth. This was important because the yield of seeds 
harvested to seeds planted at that time was around four or five. Tull's seed 
drill was very expensive and not very reliable and therefore did not have 
much of an impact. Good quality seed drills were not produced until the mid 
18th century.[42]

Joseph Foljambe's Rotherham plough of 1730, was the first commercially 
successful iron plough.[43][44][45][46] The threshing machine, invented by 
Andrew Meikle in 1784, displaced hand threshing with a flail, a laborious job 
that took about one-quarter of agricultural labour.[47]:286 It took several 
decades to diffuse[48] and was the final straw for many farm labourers, who 
faced near starvation, leading to the 1830 agricultural rebellion of the Swing 
Riots.

Machine tools and metalworking techniques developed during the Industrial 
Revolution eventually resulted in precision manufacturing techniques in the 
late 19th century for mass-producing agricultural equipment, such as 
reapers, binders and combine harvesters.[34]

Mining

Coal works near Neath, south Wales. 1798
Coal mining in Britain, particularly in South Wales started early. Before the 
steam engine, pits were often shallow bell pits following a seam of coal 
along the surface, which were abandoned as the coal was extracted. In 
other cases, if the geology was favourable, the coal was mined by means of 
an adit or drift mine driven into the side of a hill. Shaft mining was done in 
some areas, but the limiting factor was the problem of removing water. It 
could be done by hauling buckets of water up the shaft or to a sough (a 
tunnel driven into a hill to drain a mine). In either case, the water had to be 
discharged into a stream or ditch at a level where it could flow away by 
gravity. The introduction of the steam pump by Savery in 1698 and the 
Newcomen steam engine in 1712 greatly facilitated the removal of water and 
enabled shafts to be made deeper, enabling more coal to be extracted. 
These were developments that had begun before the Industrial Revolution, 
but the adoption of John Smeaton's improvements to the Newcomen engine 
followed by James Watt's more efficient steam engines from the 1770s 
reduced the fuel costs of engines, making mines more profitable.

Coal mining was very dangerous owing to the presence of firedamp in many 
coal seams. Some degree of safety was provided by the safety lamp which 
was invented in 1816 by Sir Humphry Davy and independently by George 
Stephenson. However, the lamps proved a false dawn because they became 
unsafe very quickly and provided a weak light. Firedamp explosions 
continued, often setting off coal dust explosions, so casualties grew during 
the entire 19th century. Conditions of work were very poor, with a high 
casualty rate from rock falls.

Other developments
Other developments included more efficient water wheels, based on 
experiments conducted by the British engineer John Smeaton[49] the 
beginnings of a machine industry[13][50] and the rediscovery of concrete 
(based on hydraulic lime mortar) by John Smeaton, which had been lost for 
1300 years.[51]

Transportation
Main article: Transport during the British Industrial Revolution
See also: Productivity improving technologies (economic history)   
Infrastructures
At the beginning of the Industrial Revolution, inland transport was by 
navigable rivers and roads, with coastal vessels employed to move heavy 
goods by sea. Wagon ways were used for conveying coal to rivers for further 
shipment, but canals had not yet been widely constructed. Animals supplied 
all of the motive power on land, with sails providing the motive power on the 
sea. The first horse railways were introduced toward the end of the 18th 
century, with steam locomotives being introduced in the early decades of the 
19th century.

The Industrial Revolution improved Britain's transport infrastructure with a 
turnpike road network, a canal and waterway network, and a railway 
network. Raw materials and finished products could be moved more quickly 
and cheaply than before. Improved transportation also allowed new ideas to 
spread quickly.

Canals
Main article: History of the British canal system

The Bridgewater Canal, famous because of its commercial success, crossing 
the Manchester Ship Canal, one of the last canals to be built.
Canals were the first technology to allow bulk materials to be economically 
transported long distances inland. This was because a horse could pull a 
barge with a load dozens of times larger than the load that could be drawn 
in a cart.[23][52]

Building of canals dates to ancient times. The Grand Canal in China, "the 
world's largest artificial waterway and oldest canal still in existence," parts of 
which were started between the 6th and 4th centuries BC, is 1,121 miles 
(1,804 km) long and links Hangzhou with Beijing.[53]

In the UK, canals began to be built in the late 18th century to link the major 
manufacturing centres across the country. Known for its huge commercial 
success, the Bridgewater Canal in North West England, which opened in 
1761 and was mostly funded by The 3rd Duke of Bridgewater. From Worsley 
to the rapidly growing town of Manchester its construction cost  168,000 ( 
22,589,130 as of 2013),[54][55] but its advantages over land and river 
transport meant that within a year of its opening in 1761, the price of coal in 
Manchester fell by about half.[56] This success helped inspire a period of 
intense canal building, known as Canal Mania.[57] New canals were hastily 
built in the aim of replicating the commercial success of the Bridgewater 
Canal, the most notable being the Leeds and Liverpool Canal and the 
Thames and Severn Canal which opened in 1774 and 1789 respectively.

By the 1820s, a national network was in existence. Canal construction 
served as a model for the organisation and methods later used to construct 
the railways. They were eventually largely superseded as profitable 
commercial enterprises by the spread of the railways from the 1840s on. The 
last major canal to be built in the United Kingdom was the Manchester Ship 
Canal, which upon opening in 1894 was the largest ship canal in the world,
[58] and opened Manchester as a port. However it never achieved the 
commercial success its sponsors had hoped for and signalled canals as a 
dying mode of transport in an age dominated by railways, which were 
quicker and often cheaper.

Britain's canal network, together with its surviving mill buildings, is one of the 
most enduring features of the early Industrial Revolution to be seen in 
Britain.

Roads

Construction of the first macadamized road in the United States (1823). In 
the foreground, workers are breaking stones "so as not to exceed 6 ounces 
in weight or to pass a two-inch ring".[59]
Much of the original British road system was poorly maintained by 
thousands of local parishes, but from the 1720s (and occasionally earlier) 
turnpike trusts were set up to charge tolls and maintain some roads. 
Increasing numbers of main roads were turnpiked from the 1750s to the 
extent that almost every main road in England and Wales was the 
responsibility of a turnpike trust. New engineered roads were built by John 
Metcalf, Thomas Telford and most notably John McAdam, with the first 
'macadamised' stretch of road being Marsh Road at Ashton Gate, Bristol in 
1816.[60] The major turnpikes radiated from London and were the means by 
which the Royal Mail was able to reach the rest of the country. Heavy goods 
transport on these roads was by means of slow, broad wheeled, carts 
hauled by teams of horses. Lighter goods were conveyed by smaller carts or 
by teams of pack horse. Stage coaches carried the rich, and the less 
wealthy could pay to ride on carriers carts.

Railways
Main article: History of rail transport in Great Britain

Painting depicting the opening of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway in 
1830, the first inter-city railway in the world and which spawned Railway 
Mania due to its success.
Reducing friction was one of the major reasons for the success of railroads 
compared to wagons. This was demonstrated on an iron plate covered 
wooden tramway in 1805 at Croydon, England.

  A good horse on an ordinary turnpike road can draw two thousand pounds, 
or one ton. A party of gentlemen were invited to witness the experiment, that 
the superiority of the new road might be established by ocular 
demonstration. Twelve wagons were loaded with stones, till each wagon 
weighed three tons, and the wagons were fastened together. A horse was 
then attached, which drew the wagons with ease, six miles in two hours, 
having stopped four times, in order to show he had the power of starting, as 
well as drawing his great load. [61]

Railways were made practical by the widespread introduction of inexpensive 
puddled iron after 1800, the rolling mill for making rails, and the 
development of the high pressure steam engine also around 1800.

Wagonways for moving coal in the mining areas had started in the 17th 
century and were often associated with canal or river systems for the further 
movement of coal. These were all horse drawn or relied on gravity, with a 
stationary steam engine to haul the wagons back to the top of the incline. 
The first applications of the steam locomotive were on wagon or plate ways 
(as they were then often called from the cast-iron plates used). Horse-drawn 
public railways did not begin until the early years of the 19th century when 
improvements to pig and wrought iron production were lowering costs. See: 
Metallurgy

Steam locomotives began being built after the introduction of high pressure 
steam engines around 1800. These engines exhausted used steam to the 
atmosphere, doing away with the condenser and cooling water. They were 
also much lighter weight and smaller in size for a given horsepower than the 
stationary condensing engines. A few of these early locomotives were used 
in mines. Steam-hauled public railways began with the Stockton and 
Darlington Railway in 1825.

The rapid introduction of railways followed the 1829 Rainhill Trials, which 
demonstrated Robert Stephenson's successful locomotive design and the 
1828 development of hot blast, which dramatically reduced the fuel 
consumption of making iron and increased the capacity the blast furnace.

On 15 September 1830, the Liverpool and Manchester Railway was opened, 
the first inter-city railway in the world and was attended by Prime Minister, 
the Duke of Wellington.[62] The railway was engineered by Joseph Locke 
and George Stephenson, linked the rapidly expanding industrial town of 
Manchester with the port town of Liverpool. The opening was marred by 
problems, due to the primitive nature of the technology being employed, 
however problems were gradually ironed out and the railway became highly 
successful, transporting passengers and freight. The success of the inter-
city railway, particularly in the transport of freight and commodities, led to 
Railway Mania.

Construction of major railways connecting the larger cities and towns began 
in the 1830s but only gained momentum at the very end of the first Industrial 
Revolution. After many of the workers had completed the railways, they did 
not return to their rural lifestyles but instead remained in the cities, providing 
additional workers for the factories.

Social effects
Main article: Life in Great Britain during the Industrial Revolution

A Middleton miner in 1814
Factory system
Main article: Factory system
Prior to the Industrial Revolution most of the workforce was employed in 
agriculture, either as self-employed farmers as land owners or tenants, or as 
landless agricultural laborers. By the time of the Industrial Revolution the 
putting-out system whereby farmers and townspeople produced goods in 
their homes, often described as cottage industry, was the standard. Typical 
putting out system goods included spinning and weaving. Merchant 
capitalist provided the raw materials, typically paid workers by the piece, and 
were responsible for the sale of the goods. Embezzlement of supplies by 
workers and poor quality were common problems. The logistical effort in 
procuring and distributing raw materials and picking up finished goods were 
also limitations of the putting out system.[63]

Some early spinning and weaving machinery, such as a 40 spindle jenny for 
about 6 pounds in 1792, was affordable for cottagers.[64] Later machinery 
such as spinning frames, spinning mules and power looms were expensive 
(especially if water powered), giving rise to capitalist ownership of factories. 
Many workers, who had nothing but their labor to sell, became factory 
workers out of necessity.

The change in the social relationship of the factory worker compared to 
farmers and cottagers was viewed unfavorably by Karl Marx, however, he 
recognized the increase in productivity made possible by technology.[65]

Standards of living
The effects on living conditions the industrial revolution have been very 
controversial, and were hotly debated by economic and social historians 
from the 1950s to the 1980s.[66] A series of 1950s essays by Henry Phelps 
Brown and Sheila V. Hopkins later set the academic consensus that the bulk 
of the population, that was at the bottom of the social ladder, suffered severe 
reductions in their living standards.[66] During 1813 1913, there was a 
significant increase in worker wages.[67][68][69]

Some economists, such as Robert E. Lucas, Jr., say that the real impact of 
the Industrial Revolution was that "for the first time in history, the living 
standards of the masses of ordinary people have begun to undergo 
sustained growth ... Nothing remotely like this economic behavior is 
mentioned by the classical economists, even as a theoretical possibility."[2] 
Others, however, argue that while growth of the economy's overall 
productive powers was unprecedented during the Industrial Revolution, 
living standards for the majority of the population did not grow meaningfully 
until the late 19th and 20th centuries, and that in many ways workers' living 
standards declined under early capitalism: for instance, studies have shown 
that real wages in Britain only increased 15% between the 1780s and 1850s, 
and that life expectancy in Britain did not begin to dramatically increase until 
the 1870s.[3][4]

Food and nutrition
Main article: British Agricultural Revolution
Chronic hunger and malnutrition were the norm for the majority of the 
population of the world including Britain and France, until the late 19th 
century. Until about 1750, in large part due to malnutrition, life expectancy in 
France was about 35 years, and only slightly higher in Britain. The US 
population of the time was adequately fed, much taller on average and had 
life expectancy of 45 50 years.[70]

In Britain and the Netherlands, food supply had been increasing and prices 
falling before the Industrial Revolution due to better agricultural practices; 
however, population grew too, as noted by Thomas Malthus.[1][47][71][72] 
Before the Industrial Revolution, advances in agriculture or technology soon 
led to an increase in population, which again strained food and other 
resources, limiting increases in per capita income. This condition is called 
the Malthusian trap, and it was finally overcome by industrialisation.[47]

Transportation improvements, such as canals and improved roads, also 
lowered food costs. Railroads were introduced near the end of the Industrial 
Revolution.

Housing

Over London by Rail Gustave Dor  c. 1870. Shows the densely populated 
and polluted environments created in the new industrial cities.
Living conditions during the Industrial Revolution varied from splendour for 
factory owners to squalor for workers.[citation needed]

In The Condition of the Working Class in England in 1844 Friedrich Engels 
described backstreet sections of Manchester and other mill towns, where 
people lived in crude shanties and shacks, some not completely enclosed, 
some with dirt floors. These shantytowns had narrow walkways between 
irregularly shaped lots and dwellings. There were no sanitary facilities. 
Population density was extremely high. Eight to ten unrelated mill workers 
often shared a room, often with no furniture, and slept on a pile of straw or 
sawdust.[73] Toilet facilities were shared if they existed. Disease spread 
through a contaminated water supply. Also, people were at risk of 
developing pathologies due to persistent dampness.

The famines that troubled rural areas did not happen in industrial areas. But 
urban people especially small children died due to diseases spreading 
through the cramped living conditions. Tuberculosis (spread in congested 
dwellings), lung diseases from the mines, cholera from polluted water and 
typhoid were also common.

Not everyone lived in such poor conditions. The Industrial Revolution also 
created a middle class of professionals, such as lawyers and doctors, who 
lived in much better conditions.

Conditions improved over the course of the 19th century due to new public 
health acts regulating things such as sewage, hygiene and home 
construction. In the introduction of his 1892 edition, Engels notes that most 
of the conditions he wrote about in 1844 had been greatly improved.

Clothing and consumer goods
Consumers benefited from falling prices for clothing and household articles 
such as cast iron cooking utensils, and in the following decades, stoves for 
cooking and space heating.

Population increase
According to Robert Hughes in The Fatal Shore, the population of England 
and Wales, which had remained steady at 6 million from 1700 to 1740, rose 
dramatically after 1740. The population of England had more than doubled 
from 8.3 million in 1801 to 16.8 million in 1850 and, by 1901, had nearly 
doubled again to 30.5 million.[74] Improved conditions led to the population 
of Britain increasing from 10 million to 40 million in the 1800s.[75][76] 
Europe's population increased from about 100 million in 1700 to 400 million 
by 1900.[77]

The Industrial Revolution was the first period in history during which there 
was a simultaneous increase in population and in per capita income.[78]

Labour conditions
Social structure and working conditions
In terms of social structure, the Industrial Revolution witnessed the triumph 
of a middle class of industrialists and businessmen over a landed class of 
nobility and gentry. Ordinary working people found increased opportunities 
for employment in the new mills and factories, but these were often under 
strict working conditions with long hours of labour dominated by a pace set 
by machines. As late as the year 1900, most industrial workers in the United 
States still worked a 10-hour day (12 hours in the steel industry), yet earned 
from 20% to 40% less than the minimum deemed necessary for a decent 
life.[79] However, harsh working conditions were prevalent long before the 
Industrial Revolution took place. Pre-industrial society was very static and 
often cruel child labour, dirty living conditions, and long working hours were 
just as prevalent before the Industrial Revolution.[80]

Factories and urbanisation

Manchester, England ("Cottonopolis"), pictured in 1840, showing the mass 
of factory chimneys
Industrialisation led to the creation of the factory. Arguably the first highly 
mechanised was John Lombe's water-powered silk mill at Derby, operational 
by 1721. Lombe learned silk thread manufacturing by taking a job in Italy 
and acting as an industrial spy; however, since the silk industry there was a 
closely guarded secret, the state of the industry there is unknown. Because 
Lombe's factory was not successful and there was no follow through, the 
rise of the modern factory dates to somewhat later when cotton spinning was 
mechanised.

The factory system contributed to the growth of urban areas, as large 
numbers of workers migrated into the cities in search of work in the factories. 
Nowhere was this better illustrated than the mills and associated industries 
of Manchester, nicknamed "Cottonopolis", and the world's first industrial 
city.[81] Manchester experienced a six-times increase in its population 
between 1771 and 1831. Bradford grew by 50% every ten years between 
1811 and 1851 and by 1851 only 50% of the population of Bradford was 
actually born there.[82]

For much of the 19th century, production was done in small mills, which 
were typically water-powered and built to serve local needs. Later, each 
factory would have its own steam engine and a chimney to give an efficient 
draft through its boiler.

The transition to industrialisation was not without difficulty. For example, a 
group of English workers known as Luddites formed to protest against 
industrialisation and sometimes sabotaged factories.

In other industries the transition to factory production was not so divisive. 
Some industrialists themselves tried to improve factory and living conditions 
for their workers. One of the earliest such reformers was Robert Owen, 
known for his pioneering efforts in improving conditions for workers at the 
New Lanark mills, and often regarded as one of the key thinkers of the early 
socialist movement.

By 1746, an integrated brass mill was working at Warmley near Bristol. Raw 
material went in at one end, was smelted into brass and was turned into 
pans, pins, wire, and other goods. Housing was provided for workers on site. 
Josiah Wedgwood and Matthew Boulton (whose Soho Manufactory was 
completed in 1766) were other prominent early industrialists, who employed 
the factory system.

Child labour

A young "drawer" pulling a coal tub along a mine gallery.[83] In Britain laws 
passed in 1842 and 1844 improved mine working conditions.

Wheaton Glass Works, November 1909. Photographed by Lewis Hine.
The Industrial Revolution led to a population increase but the chances of 
surviving childhood did not improve throughout the Industrial Revolution, 
although infant mortality rates were reduced markedly.[84][85] There was 
still limited opportunity for education and children were expected to work. 
Employers could pay a child less than an adult even though their 
productivity was comparable; there was no need for strength to operate an 
industrial machine, and since the industrial system was completely new, 
there were no experienced adult labourers. This made child labour the 
labour of choice for manufacturing in the early phases of the Industrial 
Revolution between the 18th and 19th centuries. In England and Scotland in 
1788, two-thirds of the workers in 143 water-powered cotton mills were 
described as children.[86]

Child labour existed before the Industrial Revolution but with the increase in 
population and education it became more visible. Many children were forced 
to work in relatively bad conditions for much lower pay than their elders,[87] 
10 20% of an adult male's wage.[88] Children as young as four were 
employed.[88] Beatings and long hours were common, with some child coal 
miners and hurriers working from 4 am until 5 pm.[88] Conditions were 
dangerous, with some children killed when they dozed off and fell into the 
path of the carts, while others died from gas explosions.[88] Many children 
developed lung cancer and other diseases and died before the age of 25.
[88] Workhouses would sell orphans and abandoned children as "pauper 
apprentices", working without wages for board and lodging.[88] Those who 
ran away would be whipped and returned to their masters, with some 
masters shackling them to prevent escape.[88] Children employed as mule 
scavengers by cotton mills would crawl under machinery to pick up cotton, 
working 14 hours a day, six days a week. Some lost hands or limbs, others 
were crushed under the machines, and some were decapitated.[88] Young 
girls worked at match factories, where phosphorus fumes would cause many 
to develop phossy jaw.[88] Children employed at glassworks were regularly 
burned and blinded, and those working at potteries were vulnerable to 
poisonous clay dust.[88]

Reports were written detailing some of the abuses, particularly in the coal 
mines[89] and textile factories,[90] and these helped to popularise the 
children's plight. The public outcry, especially among the upper and middle 
classes, helped stir change in the young workers' welfare.

Politicians and the government tried to limit child labour by law but factory 
owners resisted; some felt that they were aiding the poor by giving their 
children money to buy food to avoid starvation, and others simply welcomed 
the cheap labour. In 1833 and 1844, the first general laws against child 
labour, the Factory Acts, were passed in Britain: Children younger than nine 
were not allowed to work, children were not permitted to work at night, and 
the work day of youth under the age of 18 was limited to twelve hours. 
Factory inspectors supervised the execution of the law, however, their 
scarcity made enforcement difficult.[88] About ten years later, the 
employment of children and women in mining was forbidden. These laws 
decreased the number of child labourers, however child labour remained in 
Europe and the United States up to the 20th century.[91]

Luddites
Main article: Luddite
Refer to caption
Luddites smashing a power loom in 1812

The Great Chartist Meeting on Kennington Common, 1848
The rapid industrialisation of the English economy cost many craft workers 
their jobs. The movement started first with lace and hosiery workers near 
Nottingham and spread to other areas of the textile industry owing to early 
industrialisation. Many weavers also found themselves suddenly 
unemployed since they could no longer compete with machines which only 
required relatively limited (and unskilled) labour to produce more cloth than 
a single weaver. Many such unemployed workers, weavers and others, 
turned their animosity towards the machines that had taken their jobs and 
began destroying factories and machinery. These attackers became known 
as Luddites, supposedly followers of Ned Ludd, a folklore figure. The first 
attacks of the Luddite movement began in 1811. The Luddites rapidly gained 
popularity, and the British government took drastic measures, using the 
militia or army to protect industry. Those rioters who were caught were tried 
and hanged, or transported for life.

Unrest continued in other sectors as they industrialised, such as with 
agricultural labourers in the 1830s when large parts of southern Britain were 
affected by the Captain Swing disturbances. Threshing machines were a 
particular target, and hayrick burning was a popular activity. However, the 
riots led to the first formation of trade unions, and further pressure for 
reform.

Organisation of labour
See also: Trade union   History
The Industrial Revolution concentrated labour into mills, factories and mines, 
thus facilitating the organisation of combinations or trade unions to help 
advance the interests of working people. The power of a union could 
demand better terms by withdrawing all labour and causing a consequent 
cessation of production. Employers had to decide between giving in to the 
union demands at a cost to themselves or suffering the cost of the lost 
production. Skilled workers were hard to replace, and these were the first 
groups to successfully advance their conditions through this kind of 
bargaining.

The main method the unions used to effect change was strike action. Many 
strikes were painful events for both sides, the unions and the management. 
In Britain, the Combination Act 1799 forbade workers to form any kind of 
trade union until its repeal in 1824. Even after this, unions were still severely 
restricted.

In 1832, the Reform Act extended the vote in Britain but did not grant 
universal suffrage. That year six men from Tolpuddle in Dorset founded the 
Friendly Society of Agricultural Labourers to protest against the gradual 
lowering of wages in the 1830s. They refused to work for less than ten 
shillings a week, although by this time wages had been reduced to seven 
shillings a week and were due to be further reduced to six. In 1834 James 
Frampton, a local landowner, wrote to the Prime Minister, Lord Melbourne, to 
complain about the union, invoking an obscure law from 1797 prohibiting 
people from swearing oaths to each other, which the members of the 
Friendly Society had done. James Brine, James Hammett, George Loveless, 
George's brother James Loveless, George's brother in-law Thomas 
Standfield, and Thomas's son John Standfield were arrested, found guilty, 
and transported to Australia. They became known as the Tolpuddle Martyrs. 
In the 1830s and 1840s, the Chartist movement was the first large-scale 
organised working class political movement which campaigned for political 
equality and social justice. Its Charter of reforms received over three million 
signatures but was rejected by Parliament without consideration.

Working people also formed friendly societies and co-operative societies as 
mutual support groups against times of economic hardship. Enlightened 
industrialists, such as Robert Owen also supported these organisations to 
improve the conditions of the working class.

Unions slowly overcame the legal restrictions on the right to strike. In 1842, a 
general strike involving cotton workers and colliers was organised through 
the Chartist movement which stopped production across Great Britain.[92]

Eventually, effective political organisation for working people was achieved 
through the trades unions who, after the extensions of the franchise in 1867 
and 1885, began to support socialist political parties that later merged to 
become the British Labour Party.

Other effects
The application of steam power to the industrial processes of printing 
supported a massive expansion of newspaper and popular book publishing, 
which reinforced rising literacy and demands for mass political participation.

During the Industrial Revolution, the life expectancy of children increased 
dramatically. The percentage of the children born in London who died before 
the age of five decreased from 74.5% in 1730 1749 to 31.8% in 1810 1829.
[84]

The growth of modern industry since the late 18th century led to massive 
urbanisation and the rise of new great cities, first in Europe and then in other 
regions, as new opportunities brought huge numbers of migrants from rural 
communities into urban areas. In 1800, only 3% of the world's population 
lived in cities,[93] compared to nearly 50% today (the beginning of the 21st 
century).[94] Manchester had a population of 10,000 in 1717, but by 1911 it 
had burgeoned to 2.3 million.[95]

Industrialisation beyond the United Kingdom
Continental Europe
Eric Hobsbawm held that the Industrial Revolution began in Britain in the 
1780s and was not fully felt until the 1830s or 1840s,[5] while T. S. Ashton 
held that it occurred roughly between 1760 and 1830.[6] The Industrial 
Revolution on Continental Europe came a little later than in Great Britain. In 
many industries, this involved the application of technology developed in 
Britain in new places. Often the technology was purchased from Britain or 
British engineers and entrepreneurs moved abroad in search of new 
opportunities. By 1809, part of the Ruhr Valley in Westphalia was called 
'Miniature England' because of its similarities to the industrial areas of 
England. The German, Russian and Belgian governments all provided state 
funding to the new industries. In some cases (such as iron), the different 
availability of resources locally meant that only some aspects of the British 
technology were adopted.

Belgium

Workers' housing at Bois-du-Luc (1838 1853) in La Louvi re
Belgium was the second country, after Britain, in which the Industrial 
Revolution took place and the first in continental Europe: Wallonia (French 
speaking southern Belgium) was the first region to follow the British model 
successfully. Starting in the middle of the 1820s, and especially after 
Belgium became an independent nation in 1830, numerous works 
comprising coke blast furnaces as well as puddling and rolling mills were 
built in the coal mining areas around Li ge and Charleroi. The leader was a 
transplanted Englishman John Cockerill. His factories at Seraing integrated 
all stages of production, from engineering to the supply of raw materials, as 
early as 1825.[96]

Wallonia exemplified the radical evolution of industrial expansion. Thanks to 
coal (the French word "houille" was coined in Wallonia),[97] the region 
geared up to become the 2nd industrial power in the world after Britain. But 
it is also pointed out by many researchers, with its Sillon industriel, 
'Especially in the Haine, Sambre and Meuse valleys, between the Borinage 
and Li ge, (...) there was a huge industrial development based on coal-
mining and iron-making...'.[98] Philippe Raxhon wrote about the period after 
1830: "It was not propaganda but a reality the Walloon regions were 
becoming the second industrial power all over the world after Britain."[99] 
"The sole industrial centre outside the collieries and blast furnaces of 
Walloon was the old cloth making town of Ghent."[100] Michel De Coster, 
Professor at the Universit  de Li ge wrote also: "The historians and the 
economists say that Belgium was the second industrial power of the world, 
in proportion to its population and its territory (...) But this rank is the one of 
Wallonia where the coal-mines, the blast furnaces, the iron and zinc 
factories, the wool industry, the glass industry, the weapons industry... were 
concentrated." [101]

Demographic effects

Wallonia's Sillon industriel (the blue area in the north is not in Wallonia)

Gallow frame of the Crachet in Frameries IN Wallonia's French Ch ssis   
molettes or Belfleur (French Chevalement)

Official Poster of the Li ge's World fair in 1905
Wallonia was also the birthplace of a strong Socialist party and strong 
trade-unions in a particular sociological landscape. At the left, the Sillon 
industriel, which runs from Mons in the west, to Verviers in the east (except 
part of North Flanders, in another period of the industrial revolution, after 
1920). Even if Belgium is the second industrial country after Britain, the 
effect of the industrial revolution there was very different. In 'Breaking 
stereotypes', Muriel Neven and Isabelle Devious say:

The industrial revolution changed a mainly rural society into an urban one, 
but with a strong contrast between northern and southern Belgium. During 
the Middle Ages and the Early Modern Period, Flanders was characterised 
by the presence of large urban centres (...) at the beginning of the 
nineteenth century this region (Flanders), with an urbanisation degree of 
more than 30 per cent, remained one of the most urbanised in the world. By 
comparison, this proportion reached only 17 per cent in Wallonia, barely 10 
per cent in most West European countries, 16 per cent in France and 25 per 
cent in Britain. Nineteenth century industrialisation did not affect the 
traditional urban infrastructure, except in Ghent (...) Also, in Wallonia the 
traditional urban network was largely unaffected by the industrialisation 
process, even though the proportion of city-dwellers rose from 17 to 45 per 
cent between 1831 and 1910. Especially in the Haine, Sambre and Meuse 
valleys, between the Borinage and Li ge, where there was a huge industrial 
development based on coal-mining and iron-making, urbanisation was fast. 
During these eighty years the number of municipalities with more than 5,000 
inhabitants increased from only 21 to more than one hundred, concentrating 
nearly half of the Walloon population in this region. Nevertheless, 
industrialisation remained quite traditional in the sense that it did not lead to 
the growth of modern and large urban centres, but to a conurbation of 
industrial villages and towns developed around a coal-mine or a factory. 
Communication routes between these small centres only became populated 
later and created a much less dense urban morphology than, for instance, 
the area around Li ge where the old town was there to direct migratory 
flows.[102]

France
Main article: Economic history of France
The industrial revolution in France followed a particular course as it did not 
correspond to the main model followed by other countries. Notably, most 
French historians argue France did not go through a clear take-off.[103] 
Instead, France's economic growth and industrialisation process was slow 
and steady through the 18th and 19th centuries. However, some stages 
were identified by Maurice L vy-Leboyer:

French Revolution and Napoleonic wars (1789 1815),
industrialisation, along with Britain (1815 1860),
economic slowdown (1860 1905),
renewal of the growth after 1905.
Germany
Main article: Economic history of Germany

The BASF-chemical factories in Ludwigshafen, Germany, 1881
Based on its leadership in chemical research in the universities and 
industrial laboratories, Germany, which was unified in 1871, became 
dominant in the world's chemical industry in the late 19th century. At first the 
production of dyes based on aniline was critical.[104]

Germany's political disunity with three dozen states and a pervasive 
conservatism made it difficult to build railways in the 1830s. However, by the 
1840s, trunk lines linked the major cities; each German state was 
responsible for the lines within its own borders. Lacking a technological base 
at first, the Germans imported their engineering and hardware from Britain, 
but quickly learned the skills needed to operate and expand the railways. In 
many cities, the new railway shops were the centres of technological 
awareness and training, so that by 1850, Germany was self-sufficient in 
meeting the demands of railroad construction, and the railways were a major 
impetus for the growth of the new steel industry. Observers found that even 
as late as 1890, their engineering was inferior to Britain's. However, German 
unification in 1870 stimulated consolidation, nationalisation into state-owned 
companies, and further rapid growth. Unlike the situation in France, the goal 
was support of industrialisation, and so heavy lines crisscrossed the Ruhr 
and other industrial districts, and provided good connections to the major 
ports of Hamburg and Bremen. By 1880, Germany had 9,400 locomotives 
pulling 43,000 passengers and 30,000 tons of freight, and pulled ahead of 
France[105]

Sweden
Main article: Economic history of Sweden
During the period 1790 1815 Sweden experienced two parallel economic 
movements: an agricultural revolution with larger agricultural estates, new 
crops and farming tools and a commercialisation of farming, and a 
protoindustrialisation, with small industries being established in the 
countryside and with workers switching between agricultural work in summer 
and industrial production in winter. This led to economic growth benefiting 
large sections of the population and leading up to a consumption revolution 
starting in the 1820s.

During 1815 1850 the protoindustries developed into more specialized and 
larger industries. This period witnessed increasing regional specialisation 
with mining in Bergslagen, textile mills in Sjuh radsbygden and forestry in 
Norrland. Several important institutional changes took place in this period, 
such as free and mandatory schooling introduced 1842 (as first country in 
the world), the abolition of the national monopoly on trade in handicrafts in 
1846, and a stock company law in 1848.

During 1850 1890, Sweden experienced a veritable explosion in export, 
dominated by crops, wood and steel. Sweden abolished most tariffs and 
other barriers to free trade in the 1850s and joined the gold standard in 
1873.

During 1890 1930, Sweden experienced the second industrial revolution. 
New industries developed with their focus on the domestic market: 
mechanical engineering, power utilities, papermaking and textile.

United States
Main articles: Economic history of the United States and Technological and 
industrial history of the United States

Slater's Mill
See also: History of Lowell, Massachusetts
During the late 18th an early 19th centuries when the UK and parts of 
Western Europe began to industrialize, the US was primarily an agricultural 
and natural resource producing and processing economy.[106] The building 
of roads and canals, the introduction of steamboats and the building of 
railroads were important for handling agricultural and natural resource 
products in the large and sparsely populated country of the period.[107]
[108]

Important American technological contributions during the period of the 
Industrial Revolution were the cotton gin and the development of a system 
for making interchangeable parts, the latter aided by the development of the 
milling machine in the US. The development of machine tools and the 
system of interchangeable parts were the basis for the rise of the US as the 
world's leading industrial nation in the late 19th century.

Oliver Evans invented an automated flour mill in the mid 1780s that used 
control mechanisms and conveyors so that no labor was needed from the 
time grain was loaded into the elevator buckets until flour was discharged 
into a wagon. This is considered to be the first modern materials handling 
system an important advance in the progress toward mass production.[34]

The United States originally used horse-powered machinery to power its 
earliest factories, but eventually switched to water power. As a result, 
industrialisation was essentially limited to New England and the rest of 
Northeastern United States, which has fast-moving rivers. The newer water-
powered production lines proved more economical than horse-drawn 
production. However, raw materials (especially cotton) came from the 
Southern United States. It was not until after the Civil War in the 1860s that 
steam-powered manufacturing overtook water-powered manufacturing, 
allowing the industry to fully spread across the nation.

Thomas Somers and the Cabot Brothers founded the Beverly Cotton 
Manufactory in 1787, the first cotton mill in America, the largest cotton mill of 
its era,[109] and a significant milestone in the research and development of 
cotton mills in the future. This mill was designed to use horse power, but the 
operators quickly learned that the horse-drawn platform was economically 
unstable, and had economic losses for years. Despite the losses, the 
Manufactory served as a playground of innovation, both in turning a large 
amount of cotton, but also developing the water-powered milling structure 
used in Slater's Mill.[110]


Bethlehem Steel, founded in 1857, was once the second-largest 
manufacturer of steel in the United States; its Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, 
location has been transformed into a casino.
In 1793, Samuel Slater (1768 1835) founded the Slater Mill at Pawtucket, 
Rhode Island. He had learned of the new textile technologies as a boy 
apprentice in Derbyshire, England, and defied laws against the emigration of 
skilled workers by leaving for New York in 1789, hoping to make money with 
his knowledge. After founding Slater's Mill, he went on to own 13 textile 
mills.[111] Daniel Day established a wool carding mill in the Blackstone 
Valley at Uxbridge, Massachusetts in 1809, the third woollen mill established 
in the US (The first was in Hartford, Connecticut, and the second at 
Watertown, Massachusetts.) The John H. Chafee Blackstone River Valley 
National Heritage Corridor retraces the history of "America's Hardest-
Working River', the Blackstone. The Blackstone River and its tributaries, 
which cover more than 45 miles (72 km) from Worcester, Massachusetts to 
Providence, Rhode Island, was the birthplace of America's Industrial 
Revolution. At its peak over 1100 mills operated in this valley, including 
Slater's mill, and with it the earliest beginnings of America's Industrial and 
Technological Development.


Men working their own coal mines. Early 1900s, United States.
Merchant Francis Cabot Lowell from Newburyport, Massachusetts 
memorised the design of textile machines on his tour of British factories in 
1810. Realising that the War of 1812 had ruined his import business but that 
a demand for domestic finished cloth was emerging in America, on his return 
to the United States, he set up the Boston Manufacturing Company. Lowell 
and his partners built America's second cotton-to-cloth textile mill at 
Waltham, Massachusetts, second to the Beverly Cotton Manufactory. After 
his death in 1817, his associates built America's first planned factory town, 
which they named after him. This enterprise was capitalised in a public stock 
offering, one of the first uses of it in the United States. Lowell, 
Massachusetts, using 5.6 miles (9.0 km) of canals and 10,000 horsepower 
delivered by the Merrimack River, is considered by some as a major 
contributor to the success of the American Industrial Revolution. The short-
lived utopia-like Waltham-Lowell system was formed, as a direct response to 
the poor working conditions in Britain. However, by 1850, especially following 
the Irish Potato Famine, the system had been replaced by poor immigrant 
labour.

The industrialisation of the watch industry started 1854 also in Waltham, 
Massachusetts, at the Waltham Watch Company, with the development of 
machine tools, gauges and assembling methods adapted to the micro 
precision required for watches.

Japan
Main articles: Meiji Restoration and Economic history of Japan
The industrial revolution began about 1870 as Meiji period leaders decided 
to catch up with the West. The government built railroads, improved roads, 
and inaugurated a land reform program to prepare the country for further 
development. It inaugurated a new Western-based education system for all 
young people, sent thousands of students to the United States and Europe, 
and hired more than 3,000 Westerners to teach modern science, 
mathematics, technology, and foreign languages in Japan (O-yatoi 
gaikokujin).

In 1871, a group of Japanese politicians known as the Iwakura Mission 
toured Europe and the United States to learn western ways. The result was 
a deliberate state-led industrialisation policy to enable Japan to quickly catch 
up. The Bank of Japan, founded in 1882,[112] used taxes to fund model 
steel and textile factories. Education was expanded and Japanese students 
were sent to study in the west.

Modern industry first appeared in textiles, including cotton and especially 
silk, which was based in home workshops in rural areas.[113]

Second Industrial Revolutions
Main articles: Second Industrial Revolution and Suez Canal

S chsische Maschinenfabrik in Chemnitz, Germany, 1868

Bessemer converter
Steel is often cited as the first of several new areas for industrial mass-
production, which are said to characterise a "Second Industrial Revolution", 
beginning around 1850, although a method for mass manufacture of steel 
was not invented until the 1860s, when Sir Henry Bessemer invented a new 
furnace which could convert molten pig iron into steel in large quantities. 
However, it only became widely available in the 1870s after the process was 
modified to produce more uniform quality.[23][114] Bessemer steel was 
being displaced by the open hearth furnace near the end of the 19th 
century.

This second Industrial Revolution gradually grew to include chemicals, 
mainly the chemical industries, petroleum (refining and distribution), and, in 
the 20th century, the automotive industries, and was marked by a transition 
of technological leadership from Britain to the United States and Germany.

The increasing availability of economical petroleum products also reduced 
the importance of coal and further widened the potential for industrialisation.

A new revolution began with electricity and electrification in the electrical 
industries. The introduction of hydroelectric power generation in the Alps 
enabled the rapid industrialisation of coal-deprived northern Italy, beginning 
in the 1890s.

By the 1890s, industrialisation in these areas had created the first giant 
industrial corporations with burgeoning global interests, as companies like 
U.S. Steel, General Electric, Standard Oil and Bayer AG joined the railroad 
and ship companies on the world's stock markets.

Intellectual paradigms and criticism
Capitalism
Main article: Capitalism
The advent of the Age of Enlightenment provided an intellectual framework 
which welcomed the practical application of the growing body of scientific 
knowledge a factor evidenced in the systematic development of the steam 
engine, guided by scientific analysis, and the development of the political 
and sociological analyses, culminating in Scottish economist Adam Smith's 
The Wealth of Nations. One of the main arguments for capitalism, presented 
for example in the book The Improving State of the World, is that 
industrialisation increases wealth for all, as evidenced by raised life 
expectancy, reduced working hours, and no work for children and the 
elderly.

Socialism
Main article: Socialism
Socialism emerged as a critique of capitalism. Marxism began essentially as 
a reaction to the Industrial Revolution.[115] According to Karl Marx, 
industrialisation polarised society into the bourgeoisie (those who own the 
means of production, the factories and the land) and the much larger 
proletariat (the working class who actually perform the labour necessary to 
extract something valuable from the means of production). He saw the 
industrialisation process as the logical dialectical progression of feudal 
economic modes, necessary for the full development of capitalism, which he 
saw as in itself a necessary precursor to the development of socialism and 
eventually communism.

Romanticism
Main article: Romanticism
During the Industrial Revolution an intellectual and artistic hostility towards 
the new industrialisation developed, associated with the Romantic 
movement. Its major exponents in English included the artist and poet 
William Blake and poets William Wordsworth, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, John 
Keats, Lord Byron and Percy Bysshe Shelley. The movement stressed the 
importance of "nature" in art and language, in contrast to "monstrous" 
machines and factories; the "Dark satanic mills" of Blake's poem "And did 
those feet in ancient time". Mary Shelley's novel Frankenstein reflected 
concerns that scientific progress might be two-edged.

Causes

Regional GDP per capita changed very little for most of human history 
before the Industrial Revolution.
The causes of the Industrial Revolution were complicated and remain a topic 
for debate, with some historians believing the Revolution was an outgrowth 
of social and institutional changes brought by the end of feudalism in Britain 
after the English Civil War in the 17th century. As national border controls 
became more effective, the spread of disease was lessened, thereby 
preventing the epidemics common in previous times.[116] The percentage of 
children who lived past infancy rose significantly, leading to a larger 
workforce. The Enclosure movement and the British Agricultural Revolution 
made food production more efficient and less labour-intensive, forcing the 
surplus population who could no longer find employment in agriculture into 
cottage industry, for example weaving, and in the longer term into the cities 
and the newly developed factories.[117] The colonial expansion of the 17th 
century with the accompanying development of international trade, creation 
of financial markets and accumulation of capital are also cited as factors, as 
is the scientific revolution of the 17th century.[118]

Until the 1980s, it was universally believed by academic historians that 
technological innovation was the heart of the Industrial Revolution and the 
key enabling technology was the invention and improvement of the steam 
engine.[119] However, recent research into the Marketing Era has 
challenged the traditional, supply-oriented interpretation of the Industrial 
Revolution.[120]

Lewis Mumford has proposed that the Industrial Revolution had its origins in 
the Early Middle Ages, much earlier than most estimates.[121] He explains 
that the model for standardised mass production was the printing press and 
that "the archetypal model for the industrial era was the clock". He also cites 
the monastic emphasis on order and time-keeping, as well as the fact that 
medieval cities had at their centre a church with bell ringing at regular 
intervals as being necessary precursors to a greater synchronisation 
necessary for later, more physical, manifestations such as the steam engine.

The presence of a large domestic market should also be considered an 
important driver of the Industrial Revolution, particularly explaining why it 
occurred in Britain. In other nations, such as France, markets were split up 
by local regions, which often imposed tolls and tariffs on goods traded 
among them.[122] Internal tariffs were abolished by Henry VIII of England, 
they survived in Russia till 1753, 1789 in France and 1839 in Spain.

Governments' grant of limited monopolies to inventors under a developing 
patent system (the Statute of Monopolies in 1623) is considered an 
influential factor. The effects of patents, both good and ill, on the 
development of industrialisation are clearly illustrated in the history of the 
steam engine, the key enabling technology. In return for publicly revealing 
the workings of an invention the patent system rewarded inventors such as 
James Watt by allowing them to monopolise the production of the first steam 
engines, thereby rewarding inventors and increasing the pace of 
technological development. However, monopolies bring with them their own 
inefficiencies which may counterbalance, or even overbalance, the beneficial 
effects of publicising ingenuity and rewarding inventors.[123] Watt's 
monopoly may have prevented other inventors, such as Richard Trevithick, 
William Murdoch or Jonathan Hornblower, from introducing improved steam 
engines, thereby retarding the industrial revolution by about 16 years.[124]
[125]

Causes in Europe
Main article: Great Divergence

A 1623 Dutch East India Company bond.
European 17th-century colonial expansion, international trade, and creation 
of financial markets produced a new legal and financial environment, one 
which supported and enabled 18th-century industrial growth.
One question of active interest to historians is why the Industrial Revolution 
occurred in Europe and not in other parts of the world in the 18th century, 
particularly China, India, and the Middle East, or at other times like in 
Classical Antiquity[126] or the Middle Ages.[127] Numerous factors have 
been suggested, including education, technological changes[128] (see 
Scientific Revolution in Europe), "modern" government, "modern" work 
attitudes, ecology, and culture.[129] However, most historians contest the 
assertion that Europe and China were roughly equal because modern 
estimates of per capita income on Western Europe in the late 18th century 
are of roughly 1,500 dollars in purchasing power parity (and Britain had a 
per capita income of nearly 2,000 dollars[130]) whereas China, by 
comparison, had only 450 dollars.

Some historians such as David Landes and Max Weber credit the different 
belief systems in Asia and Europe with dictating where the revolution 
occurred.[1]:20 32 The religion and beliefs of Europe were largely products 
of Judaeo-Christianity and Greek thought. Conversely, Chinese society was 
founded on men like Confucius, Mencius, Han Feizi (Legalism), Lao Tzu 
(Taoism), and Buddha (Buddhism), resulting in very different worldviews.
[131] Other factors include the considerable distance of China's coal 
deposits, though large, from its cities as well as the then unnavigable Yellow 
River that connects these deposits to the sea.[132]

Regarding India, the Marxist historian Rajani Palme Dutt said: "The capital to 
finance the Industrial Revolution in India instead went into financing the 
Industrial Revolution in Britain."[133] In contrast to China, India was split up 
into many competing kingdoms, with the three major ones being the 
Marathas, Sikhs and the Mughals. In addition, the economy was highly 
dependent on two sectors agriculture of subsistence and cotton, and there 
appears to have been little technical innovation. It is believed that the vast 
amounts of wealth were largely stored away in palace treasuries by 
totalitarian monarchs prior to the British take over.

Causes in Britain

As the Industrial Revolution developed British manufactured output surged 
ahead of other economies. After the Industrial Revolution, it was overtaken 
later by the United States.
Great Britain provided the legal and cultural foundations that enabled 
entrepreneurs to pioneer the industrial revolution.[134] Key factors fostering 
this environment were: (1) The period of peace and stability which followed 
the unification of England and Scotland; (2) no trade barriers between 
England and Scotland; (3) the rule of law (respecting the sanctity of 
contracts); (4) a straightforward legal system which allowed the formation of 
joint-stock companies (corporations); and (5) a free market (capitalism).[1]

Geographical and natural resource advantages of Great Britain were the fact 
that it had extensive coast lines and many navigable rivers in an age where 
water was the easiest means of transportation and having the highest quality 
coal in Europe.[1]

There were two main values that really drove the Industrial Revolution in 
Britain. These values were self-interest and an entrepreneurial spirit. 
Because of these interests, many industrial advances were made that 
resulted in a huge increase in personal wealth. These advancements also 
greatly benefitted the British society as a whole. Countries around the world 
started to recognise the changes and advancements in Britain and use them 
as an example to begin their own Industrial Revolutions.[135]

The debate about the start of the Industrial Revolution also concerns the 
massive lead that Great Britain had over other countries. Some have 
stressed the importance of natural or financial resources that Britain received 
from its many overseas colonies or that profits from the British slave trade 
between Africa and the Caribbean helped fuel industrial investment. 
However, it has been pointed out that slave trade and West Indian 
plantations provided only 5% of the British national income during the years 
of the Industrial Revolution.[136] Even though slavery accounted for so little, 
Caribbean-based demand accounted for 12% of Britain's industrial output.
[137]

Instead, the greater liberalisation of trade from a large merchant base may 
have allowed Britain to produce and use emerging scientific and 
technological developments more effectively than countries with stronger 
monarchies, particularly China and Russia. Britain emerged from the 
Napoleonic Wars as the only European nation not ravaged by financial 
plunder and economic collapse, and having the only merchant fleet of any 
useful size (European merchant fleets were destroyed during the war by the 
Royal Navy[138]). Britain's extensive exporting cottage industries also 
ensured markets were already available for many early forms of 
manufactured goods. The conflict resulted in most British warfare being 
conducted overseas, reducing the devastating effects of territorial conquest 
that affected much of Europe. This was further aided by Britain's 
geographical position an island separated from the rest of mainland Europe.

Another theory is that Britain was able to succeed in the Industrial 
Revolution due to the availability of key resources it possessed. It had a 
dense population for its small geographical size. Enclosure of common land 
and the related agricultural revolution made a supply of this labour readily 
available. There was also a local coincidence of natural resources in the 
North of England, the English Midlands, South Wales and the Scottish 
Lowlands. Local supplies of coal, iron, lead, copper, tin, limestone and water 
power, resulted in excellent conditions for the development and expansion of 
industry. Also, the damp, mild weather conditions of the North West of 
England provided ideal conditions for the spinning of cotton, providing a 
natural starting point for the birth of the textiles industry.

The stable political situation in Britain from around 1688, and British society's 
greater receptiveness to change (compared with other European countries) 
can also be said to be factors favouring the Industrial Revolution. Peasant 
resistance to industrialisation was largely eliminated by the Enclosure 
movement, and the landed upper classes developed commercial interests 
that made them pioneers in removing obstacles to the growth of capitalism.
[139] (This point is also made in Hilaire Belloc's The Servile State.)

Britain's population grew 280% 1550 1820, while the rest of Western Europe 
grew 50 80%. Seventy percent of European urbanisation happened in Britain 
1750 1800. By 1800, only the Netherlands was more urbanised than Britain. 
This was only possible because coal, coke, imported cotton, brick and slate 
had replaced wood, charcoal, flax, peat and thatch. The latter compete with 
land grown to feed people while mined materials do not. Yet more land 
would be freed when chemical fertilisers replaced manure and horse's work 
was mechanised. A workhorse needs 3 to 5 acres (1.21 to 2.02 ha) for fodder 
while even early steam engines produced four times more mechanical 
energy.

In 1700, 5/6 of coal mined worldwide was in Britain, while the Netherlands 
had none; so despite having Europe's best transport, most urbanised, well 
paid, literate people and lowest taxes, it failed to industrialise. In the 18th 
century, it was the only European country whose cities and population 
shrank. Without coal, Britain would have run out of suitable river sites for 
mills by the 1830s.[140]

Transfer of knowledge

A Philosopher Lecturing on the Orrery (ca. 1766). Informal philosophical 
societies spread scientific advances.
Knowledge of innovation was spread by several means. Workers who were 
trained in the technique might move to another employer or might be 
poached. A common method was for someone to make a study tour, 
gathering information where he could. During the whole of the Industrial 
Revolution and for the century before, all European countries and America 
engaged in study-touring; some nations, like Sweden and France, even 
trained civil servants or technicians to undertake it as a matter of state policy. 
In other countries, notably Britain and America, this practice was carried out 
by individual manufacturers eager to improve their own methods. Study 
tours were common then, as now, as was the keeping of travel diaries. 
Records made by industrialists and technicians of the period are an 
incomparable source of information about their methods.

Another means for the spread of innovation was by the network of informal 
philosophical societies, like the Lunar Society of Birmingham, in which 
members met to discuss 'natural philosophy' (i.e. science) and often its 
application to manufacturing. The Lunar Society flourished from 1765 to 
1809, and it has been said of them, "They were, if you like, the revolutionary 
committee of that most far reaching of all the eighteenth century revolutions, 
the Industrial Revolution".[141] Other such societies published volumes of 
proceedings and transactions. For example, the London-based Royal 
Society of Arts published an illustrated volume of new inventions, as well as 
papers about them in its annual Transactions.

There were publications describing technology. Encyclopaedias such as 
Harris's Lexicon Technicum (1704) and Abraham Rees's Cyclopaedia (1802 
1819) contain much of value. Cyclopaedia contains an enormous amount of 
information about the science and technology of the first half of the 
Industrial Revolution, very well illustrated by fine engravings. Foreign printed 
sources such as the Descriptions des Arts et M tiers and Diderot's Encyclop 
die explained foreign methods with fine engraved plates.

Periodical publications about manufacturing and technology began to 
appear in the last decade of the 18th century, and many regularly included 
notice of the latest patents. Foreign periodicals, such as the Annales des 
Mines, published accounts of travels made by French engineers who 
observed British methods on study tours.

Protestant work ethic
Main article: Protestant work ethic
Another theory is that the British advance was due to the presence of an 
entrepreneurial class which believed in progress, technology and hard 
work.[142] The existence of this class is often linked to the Protestant work 
ethic (see Max Weber) and the particular status of the Baptists and the 
dissenting Protestant sects, such as the Quakers and Presbyterians that 
had flourished with the English Civil War. Reinforcement of confidence in the 
rule of law, which followed establishment of the prototype of constitutional 
monarchy in Britain in the Glorious Revolution of 1688, and the emergence 
of a stable financial market there based on the management of the national 
debt by the Bank of England, contributed to the capacity for, and interest in, 
private financial investment in industrial ventures.

Dissenters found themselves barred or discouraged from almost all public 
offices, as well as education at England's only two universities at the time 
(although dissenters were still free to study at Scotland's four universities). 
When the restoration of the monarchy took place and membership in the 
official Anglican Church became mandatory due to the Test Act, they 
thereupon became active in banking, manufacturing and education. The 
Unitarians, in particular, were very involved in education, by running 
Dissenting Academies, where, in contrast to the universities of Oxford and 
Cambridge and schools such as Eton and Harrow, much attention was given 
to mathematics and the sciences areas of scholarship vital to the 
development of manufacturing technologies.

Historians sometimes consider this social factor to be extremely important, 
along with the nature of the national economies involved. While members of 
these sects were excluded from certain circles of the government, they were 
considered fellow Protestants, to a limited extent, by many in the middle 
class, such as traditional financiers or other businessmen. Given this relative 
tolerance and the supply of capital, the natural outlet for the more 
enterprising members of these sects would be to seek new opportunities in 
the technologies created in the wake of the scientific revolution of the 17th 
century.

See also
Portal icon Business and economics portal
General
Industrial Age
Machine Age
Capitalism in the nineteenth century
Capitalist mode of production
Deindustrialization
Division of labour
Law of the handicap of a head start   Dialectics of progress
Dual revolution
Economic history of the United Kingdom
Information revolution
The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism
Other
Chinese industrialization
Petroleum Revolution
Science and invention in Birmingham
References
Bibliography
Ashton, Thomas S. (1948). "The Industrial Revolution (1760 1830)". Oxford 
University Press.
Berlanstein, Lenard R., ed. (1992). The Industrial Revolution and work in 
nineteenth-century Europe. London and New York: Routledge.
Clapham, J. H. (1926). "An Economic History of Modern Britain: The Early 
Railway Age, 1820 1850". Cambridge University Press.
Clapham, J. H. The Economic Development of France and Germany 1815 
1914 (1936)
Clark, Gregory (2007). A Farewell to Alms: A Brief Economic History of the 
World. Princeton University Press. ISBN 0-691-12135-4.
Daunton, M. J. (1995). "Progress and Poverty: An Economic and Social 
History of Britain, 1700 1850". Oxford University Press.
Dodd, William (1847). The Laboring Classes of England : especially those 
engaged in agriculture and manufactures; in a series of letters. Boston: John 
Putnam.
Dunham, Arthur Louis (1955). "The Industrial Revolution in France, 1815 
1848". New York: Exposition Press.
Gatrell, Peter (2004). "Farm to factory: a reinterpretation of the Soviet 
industrial revolution". The Economic History Review 57 (4): 794. 
doi:10.1111/j.1468-0289.2004.00295_21.x.
Griffin, Emma (2010). Short History of the British Industrial Revolution. 
Palgrave.
Haber, Ludwig Fritz (1958). The Chemical Industry During the Nineteenth 
Century: A Study of the Economic Aspect of Applied Chemistry in Europe 
and North America.
Haber, Ludwig Fritz (1971). The Chemical Industry: 1900 1930: International 
Growth and Technological Change.
Jacob, Margaret C. (1997). "Scientific Culture and the Making of the 
Industrial West". Oxford, UK: Oxford University Press.
Kindleberger, Charles Poor (1993). A Financial History of Western Europe. 
Oxford University Press US. ISBN 0-19-507738-5.
Kisch, Herbert (1989). "From Domestic Manufacture to Industrial Revolution 
The Case of the Rhineland Textile Districts". Oxford University Press.
Kornblith, Gary. The Industrial Revolution in America (1997)
Landes, David S. (1969). The Unbound Prometheus: Technological Change 
and Industrial Development in Western Europe from 1750 to the Present. 
Cambridge, New York: Press Syndicate of the University of Cambridge. ISBN 
0-521-09418-6.
McNeil, Ian, ed. (1990). An Encyclopedia of the History of Technology. 
London: Routledge. ISBN 0-415-14792-1.
Maddison, Angus (2003). "The World Economy: Historical Statistics". Paris: 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
Mantoux, Paul (1961) [1928]. "The Industrial Revolution in the Eighteenth 
Century" (First English translation 1928 ed.).
McLaughlin Green, Constance (1939). "Holyoke, Massachusetts: A Case 
History of the Industrial Revolution in America". New Haven, CT: Yale 
University Press.
Milward, Alan S. and S. B. Saul. The Development of the Economies of 
Continental Europe: 1850 1914 (1977)
Milward, Alan S. and S. B. Saul. The Economic Development of Continental 
Europe 1780 1870 (1973)
Mokyr, Joel (1999). "The British Industrial Revolution: An Economic 
Perspective".
More, Charles (2000). "Understanding the Industrial Revolution". London: 
Routledge.
Olson, James S. Encyclopedia of the Industrial Revolution in America (2001)
Pollard, Sidney (1981). "Peaceful Conquest: The Industrialization of Europe, 
1760 1970". Oxford University Press.
Rider, Christine, ed. Encyclopedia of the Age of the Industrial Revolution, 
1700 1920 (2 vol. 2007)
Roe, Joseph Wickham (1916), English and American Tool Builders, New 
Haven, Connecticut: Yale University Press, LCCN 16011753. Reprinted by 
McGraw-Hill, New York and London, 1926 (LCCN 27-24075); and by Lindsay 
Publications, Inc., Bradley, Illinois, (ISBN 978-0-917914-73-7).
Smelser, Neil J. (1959). "Social Change in the Industrial Revolution: An 
Application of Theory to the British Cotton Industry". University of Chicago 
Press.
Staley, David J. ed. Encyclopedia of the History of Invention and Technology 
(3 vol 2011), 2000pp
Stearns, Peter N. (1998). "The Industrial Revolution in World History". 
Westview Press.
Smil, Vaclav (1994). "Energy in World History". Westview Press. Archived 
from the original on 18 July 2007.
Snooks, G.D. (2000). "Was the Industrial Revolution Necessary ". London: 
Routledge.
Szostak, Rick (1991). "The Role of Transportation in the Industrial 
Revolution: A Comparison of England and France". Montreal: McGill-
Queen's University Press.
Timbs, John (1860). Stories of Inventors and Discoverers in Science and the 
Useful Arts: A Book for Old and Young. Harper & Brothers.
Toynbee, Arnold (1884). Lectures on the Industrial Revolution of the 
Eighteenth Century in England. ISBN 1-4191-2952-X. Retrieved 2016-02-12.
Uglow, Jenny (2002). "The Lunar Men: The Friends who made the Future 
1730 1810". London: Faber and Faber.
Usher, Abbott Payson (1920). "An Introduction to the Industrial History of 
England". University of Michigan Press.
Historiography
Chambliss, William J. (editor), Problems of Industrial Society, Reading, 
Massachusetts: Addison-Wesley Publishing Co, December 1973. ISBN 978
-0-201-00958-3
Hawke, Gary. "Reinterpretations of the Industrial Revolution" in Patrick 
O'Brien and Roland Quinault, eds. The Industrial Revolution and British 
Society (1993) pp 54 78
McCloskey, Deirdre (2004). "Review of The Cambridge Economic History of 
Britain (edited by Roderick Floud and Paul Johnson)". Times Higher 
Education Supplement. 15 (January). Retrieved 2016-02-12.
Notes
^ Jump up to: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r Landes 1969
^ Jump up to: a b Lucas, Robert E., Jr. (2002). Lectures on Economic 
Growth. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. pp. 109 10. ISBN 978-0-674-
01601-9.
^ Jump up to: a b Feinstein, Charles (September 1998). "Pessimism 
Perpetuated: Real Wages and the Standard of Living in Britain during and 
after the Industrial Revolution". Journal of Economic History 58 (3): 625 58. 
doi:10.1017/s0022050700021100. Retrieved 6 May 2014.
^ Jump up to: a b Szreter & Mooney; Mooney (February 1998). 
"Urbanization, Mortality, and the Standard of Living Debate: New Estimates 
of the Expectation of Life at Birth in Nineteenth-Century British Cities". The 
Economic History Review 51 (1): 104. doi:10.1111/1468-0289.00084. 
Retrieved 6 May 2014.
^ Jump up to: a b Eric Hobsbawm, The Age of Revolution: Europe 1789 
1848, Weidenfeld & Nicolson Ltd., p. 27 ISBN 0-349-10484-0
^ Jump up to: a b Joseph E Inikori. Africans and the Industrial Revolution in 
England, Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-01079-9 Read it
Jump up ^ Berg, Maxine; Hudson, Pat (1992). "Rehabilitating the Industrial 
Revolution". The Economic History Review (The Economic History Review, 
Vol. 45, No. 1) 45 (1): 24 50. doi:10.2307/2598327. JSTOR 2598327.
Jump up ^ Rehabilitating the Industrial Revolution by Julie Lorenzen, 
Central Michigan University. Retrieved November 2006.
Jump up ^ Robert Lucas, Jr. (2003). "The Industrial Revolution". Federal 
Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. Archived from the original on 27 November 
2007. Retrieved 14 November 2007. it is fairly clear that up to 1800 or maybe 
1750, no society had experienced sustained growth in per capita income. 
(Eighteenth century population growth also averaged one-third of 1 percent, 
the same as production growth.) That is, up to about two centuries ago, per 
capita incomes in all societies were stagnated at around  400 to  800 per 
year.
Jump up ^ Lucas, Robert (2003). "The Industrial Revolution Past and 
Future". Archived from the original on 27 November 2007. [consider] annual 
growth rates of 2.4 percent for the first 60 years of the 20th century, of 1 
percent for the entire 19th century, of one-third of 1 percent for the 18th 
century
Jump up ^ McCloskey, Deidre (2004). "Review of The Cambridge Economic 
History of Modern Britain (edited by Roderick Floud and Paul Johnson), 
Times Higher Education Supplement, 15 January 2004".
Jump up ^ Taylor, George Rogers. The Transportation Revolution, 1815 
1860. ISBN 978-0-87332-101-3. No name is given to the transition years. The 
Transportation Revolution began with improved roads in the late 18th 
century.
^ Jump up to: a b c d e f Roe, Joseph Wickham (1916), English and 
American Tool Builders, New Haven, Connecticut: Yale University Press, 
LCCN 16011753. Reprinted by McGraw-Hill, New York and London, 1926 
(LCCN 27-24075); and by Lindsay Publications, Inc., Bradley, Illinois, (ISBN 
978-0-917914-73-7).
Jump up ^ Hunter 1985
Jump up ^ Crouzet, Fran ois (1996). "France". In Teich, Mikul  ; Porter, Roy. 
The industrial revolution in national context: Europe and the USA. 
Cambridge University Press. p. 45. ISBN 978-0-521-40940-7. LCCN 
95025377.
Jump up ^ BLANQUI J r me-Adolphe, Histoire de l' conomie politique en 
Europe depuis les anciens jusqu'  nos jours, 1837, ISBN 978-0-543-94762-8
Jump up ^ Hudson, Pat (1992). The Industrial Revolution. London: Edward 
Arnold. p. 11. ISBN 978-0-7131-6531-9.
Jump up ^ Eric Bond, Sheena Gingerich, Oliver Archer-Antonsen, Liam 
Purcell, Elizabeth Macklem (17 February 2003). "The Industrial Revolution   
Innovations". Industrialrevolution.sea.ca. Retrieved 30 January 2011.
Jump up ^ Ayres 1989, pp. 17
Jump up ^ Hunter year-1985
Jump up ^ Rosen, William (2012). The Most Powerful Idea in the World: A 
Story of Steam, Industry and Invention. University Of Chicago Press. p. 149. 
ISBN 978-0-226-72634-2.
^ Jump up to: a b c Ayres, Robert (1989). "Technological Transformations 
and Long Waves" (PDF): 16 17.
^ Jump up to: a b c d e f g h i j McNeil 1990
Jump up ^ R. Ray Gehani (1998). "Management of Technology and 
Operations". P. 63. John Wiley and Sons, 1998
Jump up ^ Ayres 1989, pp. 1
Jump up ^ Ayres 1989, pp. 18
Jump up ^ G. E. Mingay (1986). "The Transformation of Britain, 1830 1939". 
p. 25. Routledge, 1986
Jump up ^ Gordon, Robert B (1996). American Iron 1607 1900. Baltimore 
and London: Johns Hopkins University Press. p. 156. ISBN 0-8018-6816-5.
Jump up ^ Landes year-1969, pp. 218
Jump up ^ Ayres 1989, pp. 21
Jump up ^ Rosenberg, Nathan (1982). Inside the Black Box: Technology and 
Economics. Cambridge, New York: Cambridge University Press. p. 90. ISBN 
0-521-27367-6.
Jump up ^ Hunter&Bryant 1991
Jump up ^ Rolt and Allen, 145
^ Jump up to: a b c Hounshell, David A. (1984), From the American System 
to Mass Production, 1800-1932: The Development of Manufacturing 
Technology in the United States, Baltimore, Maryland: Johns Hopkins 
University Press, ISBN 978-0-8018-2975-8, LCCN 83016269
Jump up ^ Economics 323-2: Economic History of the United States Since 
1865 http://faculty.wcas.northwestern.edu/~jmokyr/Graphs-and-Tables.PDF
Jump up ^ Clow, Archibald; Clow, Nan L. (June 1952). "Chemical 
Revolution". Ayer Co: 65 90. ISBN 0-8369-1909-2.
Jump up ^ Lion Hirth, State, Cartels and Growth: The German Chemical 
Industry (2007) p 20
Jump up ^ Johann P. Murmann, Knowledge and competitive advantage: the 
coevolution of firms, technology, and national institutions (2003) pp 53 54
Jump up ^ Properties of Concrete Published lecture notes from University of 
Memphis Department of Civil Engineering. Retrieved 17 October 2007.
Jump up ^ Misa, Thomas J. (1995). A Nation of Steel: The Making of Modern 
America 1965 1925. Baltimore and London: Johns Hopkins University Press. 
p. 243. ISBN 978-0-8018-6502-2.
Jump up ^ Overton, Mark (1996). Agricultural Revolution in England: The 
transformation if the agrarian economy 1500 1850. Cambridge University 
Press. ISBN 978-0-521-56859-3.
Jump up ^ Temple 1986, pp. 26
Jump up ^ Overton 1996, pp. 122
Jump up ^ "The Rotherham Plow". Rotherham: The Unofficial Website.
Jump up ^ Temple 1986, pp. 18, 20
Jump up ^ "The Rotherham Plow". Rotherham.co.uk.
^ Jump up to: a b c Clark 2007
Jump up ^ Atack, Jeremy; Passell, Peter (1994). A New Economic View of 
American History. New York: W.W. Norton and Co. p. 282. ISBN 0-393-
96315-2.
Jump up ^ Rosen, William (2012). The Most Powerful Idea in the World: A 
Story of Steam, Industry and Invention. University Of Chicago Press. p. 127. 
ISBN 978-0-226-72634-2.
Jump up ^ Musson; Robinson (1969). Science and Technology in the 
Industrial Revolution. University of Toronto Press. p. 477.
Jump up ^ Encyclop dia Britannica (2008) "Building construction: the 
reintroduction of modern concrete"
Jump up ^ Gr bler, Arnulf (1990). The Rise and Fall of Infrastructures: 
Dynamics of Evolution and Technological Change in Transport (PDF). 
Heidelberg and New York: Physica-Verlag.
Jump up ^ Donald Langmead. Encyclopedia of Architectural and 
Engineering Feats. ABC-CLIO. p. 37. ISBN 978-1-57607-112-0. Retrieved 15 
February 2013.
Jump up ^ UK CPI inflation numbers based on data available from Gregory 
Clark (2016), "The Annual RPI and Average Earnings for Britain, 1209 to 
Present (New Series)" MeasuringWorth.
Jump up ^ Timbs 1860, p. 363
Jump up ^ The Times newspaper: Bridgewater Collieries, London, 1 
December 1913, retrieved 19 July 2008
Jump up ^ Kindleberger 1993, pp. 192 193
Jump up ^ "1 January 1894: Opening of the Manchester ship canal". The 
Guardian. 1 January 1894. Retrieved 28 July 2012. Six years in the making, 
the world's largest navigation canal gives the city direct access to the sea
Jump up ^ "1823   First American Macadam Road" (Painting   Carl 
Rakeman) US Department of Transportation   Federal Highway 
Administration (Accessed 10 October 2008)
Jump up ^ Richard Brown (1991). "Society and Economy in Modern Britain 
1700 1850" p. 136. Routledge, 1991
Jump up ^ Fling, Harry M. (1868). Railroads of the United States, Their 
History and Statistics. Philadelphia: John. E. Potter and Co. pp. 12, 13.
Jump up ^ Herbert L. Sussman (2009). "Victorian Technology: Invention, 
Innovation, and the Rise of the Machine". p. 2. ABC-CLIO, 2009
Jump up ^ Landes year-1969, pp. 57 9
Jump up ^ Landes year-1969, pp. 59
Jump up ^ Hunt, E. K.; Lautzenheiser, Mark (2014). History of Economic 
Thought: A Critical Perspective. PHI Learning. ISBN 978-0765625991.
^ Jump up to: a b Woodward, D. (1981) Wage rates and living standards in 
pre-industrial England Past & Present 1981 91(1):28 46
Jump up ^ Crafts, N; Mills, Terence C. (1994). "Trends in Real Wages in 
Britain, 1750 1913". Explorations in Economic History 31 (2): 176. 
doi:10.1006/exeh.1994.1007.
Jump up ^ Industrial Revolution and the Standard of Living From 
www.econlib.org, downloaded 17 July 2006.
Jump up ^ R.M. Hartwell, The Rising Standard of Living in England, 1800 
1850, Economic History Review, 1963, page 398 ISBN 0-631-18071-0
Jump up ^ Fogel, Robert W. (2004). The Escape from Hunger and 
Premature Death, 1700 2100. London: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0
-521-80878-2.
Jump up ^ Malthus, Thomas (1798). An Essay on the Principle of Population 
(PDF). London. Retrieved 2016-02-12.
Jump up ^ Temple, Robert; Needham, Joseph (1986). The Genius of China: 
3000 years of science, discovery and invention. New York: Simon and 
Schuster<Based on the works of Joseph Needham>
Jump up ^ Engels, Friedrich (1892). The Condition of the Working-Class in 
England in 1844. London: Swan Sonnenschein & Co. pp. 45, 48 53.
Jump up ^ "The UK population: past, present and future   Chapter 1" (PDF). 
Statistics.gov.uk
Jump up ^ "A portrait of Britain in 2031". The Independent. 24 October 2007.
Jump up ^ BBC   History   Victorian Medicine   From Fluke to Theory. 
Published: 1 February 2002.
Jump up ^ "Modernization   Population Change". Encyclop dia Britannica.
Jump up ^ Hudson, Pat (1992). The Industrial Revolution. New York: 
Routledge, Chapman and Hall, Inc. p. 3. ISBN 0-7131-6531-6.
Jump up ^ "United States History   The Struggles of Labor". Library of 
Congress Country Studies.
Jump up ^ R.M. Hartwell, The Industrial Revolution and Economic Growth, 
Methuen and Co., 1971, page 339 341 ISBN 0-416-19500-8
Jump up ^ "Manchester   the first industrial city". Entry on Sciencemuseum 
website. Archived from the original on 9 March 2012. Retrieved 17 March 
2012.
Jump up ^ "Life in Industrial Towns".
Jump up ^ Dunn, James (1905). From Coal Mine Upwards: or Seventy Years 
of an Eventful Life. ISBN 1-4344-6870-4.
^ Jump up to: a b Mabel C. Buer, Health, Wealth and Population in the Early 
Days of the Industrial Revolution, London: George Routledge & Sons, 1926, 
page 30 ISBN 0-415-38218-1
Jump up ^ Bar, Michael; Leukhina, Oksana (2007). "Demographic Transition 
and Industrial Revolution: A Macroeconomic Investigation" (PDF). Archived 
from the original (PDF) on 27 November 2007. Retrieved 5 November 2007. 
The decrease [in mortality] beginning in the second half of the 18th century 
was due mainly to declining adult mortality. Sustained decline of the 
mortality rates for the age groups 5 10, 10 15, and 15 25 began in the mid-
19th century, while that for the age group 0 5 began three decades later
[dead link]. Although the survival rates for infants and children were static 
over this period, the birth rate & overall life expectancy increased. Thus the 
population grew, but the average Briton was about as old in 1850 as in 1750 
(see figures 5 & 6, page 28). Population size statistics from mortality.org put 
the mean age at about 26.
Jump up ^ "Child Labour and the Division of Labour in the Early English 
Cotton Mills". Douglas A. Galbi. Centre for History and Economics, King's 
College, Cambridge CB2 1ST.
Jump up ^ The Life of the Industrial Worker in Nineteenth-Century England, 
Laura Del Col, West Virginia University.
^ Jump up to: a b c d e f g h i j k Venning, Annabel (17 September 2010). 
"Britain's child slaves: They started at 4am, lived off acorns and had nails 
put through their ears for shoddy work. Yet, says a new book, their misery 
helped forge Britain". dailymail.co.uk (London). Retrieved 19 September 
2010.
Jump up ^ "Testimony Gathered by Ashley's Mines Commission". 2008. 
Retrieved 22 March 2008.
Jump up ^ "The Life of the Industrial Worker in Nineteenth-Century 
England". 2008. Retrieved 22 March 2008.
Jump up ^ "Photographs of Lewis Hine: Documentation of Child Labor". The 
U.S. National Archives and Records Administration.
Jump up ^ General Strike 1842 at the Wayback Machine (archived 9 June 
2007)[dead link] From chartists.net. Retrieved 13 November 2006.
Jump up ^ "Human Population: Urbanization". Population Reference 
Bureau. Archived 26 October 2009 at the Wayback Machine.
Jump up ^ "Human Population: Population Growth: Question and Answer". 
Population Reference Bureau. Archived 8 October 2009 at the Wayback 
Machine.
Jump up ^ Manchester (England, United Kingdom). Encyclop dia Britannica.
Jump up ^ Chris Evans, G ran Ryd n, The Industrial Revolution in Iron; The 
impact of British Coal Technology in Ninenteenth-Century Europe Published 
by Ashgate Publishing, Ltd., Farnham2005, pp. 37 38 ISBN 0-7546-3390-X.
Jump up ^ a word from Walloon origin
Jump up ^ Muriel Neven and Isabelle Devos, 'Breaking stereotypes', in M. 
Neven and I. Devos (editors), 'Recent work in Belgian Historical 
Demography', in Revue belge d'histoire contemporaine, XXXI, 2001, 3 4, 
pages 347 359 FLWI.ugent.be Archived 29 October 2008 at the Wayback 
Machine.
Jump up ^ Philippe Raxhon, Le si cle des forges ou la Wallonie dans le 
creuset belge (1794 1914), in B. Demoulin and JL Kupper (editors), Histoire 
de la Wallonie, Privat, Toulouse, 2004, pages 233 276, p. 246 ISBN 2-7089-
4779-6
Jump up ^ "European Route of Industrial Heritage". En.erih.net. Retrieved 
19 August 2013.
Jump up ^ Michel De Coster, Les enjeux des conflits linguistiques, 
L'Harmattan, Paris, 2007, ISBN 978-2-296-03394-8, pages 122 123
Jump up ^ Muriel Neven and Isabelle Devos, Breaking stereotypes, art. cit., 
pages 315 316
Jump up ^ Jean Marczewski,   Y a-t-il eu un "take-off" en France    , 1961, 
dans les Cahiers de l'ISEA
Jump up ^ Haber 1958
Jump up ^ Allan Mitchell, Great Train Race: Railways and the Franco-
German Rivalry, 1815 1914 (2000)
Jump up ^ Atack, Jeremy; Passell, Peter (1994). A New Economic View of 
American History. New York: W.W. Norton and Co. p. 469. ISBN 0-393-
96315-2.
Jump up ^ Chandler Jr., Alfred D. (1993). The Visible Hand: The 
Management Revolution in American Business. Belknap Press of Harvard 
University Press. ISBN 978-0674940529.
Jump up ^ Taylor, George Rogers (1969). The Transportation Revolution, 
1815 1860. ISBN 978-0873321013.
Jump up ^ Bagnall, William R. The Textile Industries of the United States: 
Including Sketches and Notices of Cotton, Woolen, Silk, and Linen 
Manufacturers in the Colonial Period. Vol. I. The Riverside Press, 1893.
Jump up ^ "Made In Beverly-A History of Beverly Industry", by Daniel J. 
Hoisington. A publication of the Beverly Historic District Commission. 1989.
Jump up ^ Encyclop dia Britannica (1998): Samuel Slater
Jump up ^ "History". Bank of Japan. Retrieved 5 May 2015.
Jump up ^ G.C. Allen, Short Economic History of Modern Japan (1972)
Jump up ^ Morison, Elting E. (1966). Men, Machines and Modern Times. 
Cambridga, Ma and London, UK: The M.I.T Press.
Jump up ^ Karl Marx: Communist as Religious Eschatologist PDF (3.68 MB)
Jump up ^ "BBC   Plague in Tudor and Stuart Britain". bbc.co.uk. Retrieved 
3 November 2008.
Jump up ^ Steven Kreis (11 October 2006). "The Origins of the Industrial 
Revolution in England". Historyguide.org. Retrieved 30 January 2011.
Jump up ^ "Scientific Revolution". Microsoft Encarta Online Encyclopedia 
2009. Archived 31 October 2009. Archived October 28, 2009, at the Wayback 
Machine.
Jump up ^ Hudson, Pat. The Industrial Revolution, Oxford University Press 
US. ISBN 0-7131-6531-6
Jump up ^ Fullerton, Ronald A. (January 1988). "How Modern Is Modern 
Marketing  Marketing's Evolution and the Myth of the "Production Era"". The 
Journal of Marketing (New York City, NY: American Marketing Association) 52 
(1): 108 125. doi:10.2307/1251689. JSTOR 1251689.
Jump up ^ "Technics & Civilization". Lewis Mumford. Retrieved 8 January 
2009.
Jump up ^ Deane, Phyllis. The First Industrial Revolution, Cambridge 
University Press. ISBN 0-521-29609-9 Read it
Jump up ^ Eric Schiff, Industrialisation without national patents: the 
Netherlands, 1869 1912; Switzerland, 1850 1907, Princeton University Press, 
1971.
Jump up ^ Michele Boldrin and David K. Levine, Against Intellectual 
Monopoly, Chapter 1, final online version January 2, 2008 PDF (55 KB), 
page 15. Cambridge University Press, 2008. ISBN 978-0-521-87928-6
Jump up ^ Mott-Smith, Morton (1964) [Unabridged and revised version of the 
book first published by D. Appleton-Century Company in 1934 under the 
former title: The Story of Energy]. The Concept of Energy Simply Explained. 
New York: Dover Publications, Inc. pp. 13 14. ISBN 0-486-21071-5.
Jump up ^ Why No Industrial Revolution in Ancient Greece  J. Bradford 
DeLong, Professor of Economics, University of California at Berkeley, 20 
September 2002. Retrieved January 2007.
Jump up ^ The Origins of the Industrial Revolution in England |The History 
Guide, Steven Kreis, 11 October 2006   Accessed January 2007
Jump up ^ Jackson J. Spielvogel (2009). "Western Civilization: Since 1500". 
p.607.
Jump up ^ Eric Bond, Sheena Gingerich, Oliver Archer-Antonsen, Liam 
Purcell, Elizabeth Macklem (17 February 2003). "The Industrial Revolution   
Causes". Industrialrevolution.sea.ca. Retrieved 30 January 2011.
Jump up ^ Cobb-Douglas in pre-modern Europe1   Simulating early modern 
growth PDF (254 KB) Jan Luiten van Zanden, International Institute of Social 
History/University of Utrecht. May 2005. Retrieved January 2007.
Jump up ^ Merson 1990, pp. 34 5
Jump up ^ How Earth Made Us: Fire by Professor Iain Stewart
Jump up ^ South Asian History -Pages from the history of the Indian 
subcontinent: British rule and the legacy of colonisation. Rajni-Palme Dutt 
India Today (Indian Edition published 1947). Retrieved January 2007. 
Archived 27 January 2007 at the Wayback Machine.
Jump up ^ Julian Hoppit, "The Nation, the State, and the First Industrial 
Revolution," Journal of British Studies (April 2011) 50#2 pp p 307 331
Jump up ^ Kiely, Ray (November 2011). "Industrialization and Development: 
A Comparative Analysis". UGL Press Limited: 25 26.
Jump up ^ Digital History, Steven Mintz. "Was slavery the engine of 
economic growth  Digital History". Digitalhistory.uh.edu. Archived from the 
original on 19 February 2014. Retrieved 30 January 2011.
Jump up ^ The Industrial Revolution by Pat Hudson, pg. 198. 
Books.google.com. 1992. ISBN 978-0-7131-6531-9. Retrieved 30 January 
2011.
Jump up ^ The Royal Navy itself may have contributed to Britain's industrial 
growth. Among the first complex industrial manufacturing processes to arise 
in Britain were those that produced material for British warships. For 
instance, the average warship of the period used roughly 1000 pulley 
fittings. With a fleet as large as the Royal Navy, and with these fittings 
needing to be replaced ever 4 to 5 years, this created a great demand which 
encouraged industrial expansion. The industrial manufacture of rope can 
also be see as a similar factor.
Jump up ^ Barrington Moore, Jr., Social Origins of Dictatorship and 
Democracy: Lord and Peasant in the Making of the Modern World, pp. 29 
30, Boston, Beacon Press, 1966.
Jump up ^ E A Wrigley, Continuity chance and change.
Jump up ^ The Lunar Society at the Wayback Machine (archived 7 February 
2008) at Moreabout, the website of the Birmingham Jewellery Quarter guide, 
Bob Miles.
Jump up ^ Foster, Charles (2004). Capital and Innovation: How Britain 
Became the First Industrial Nation. Northwich: Arley Hall Press. ISBN 0-
9518382-4-5. Argues that capital accumulation and wealth concentration in 
an entrepreneurial culture following the commercial revolution made the 
industrial revolution possible, for example.-2009. TASCHEN 
Books". Taschen.com. Retrieved 2015-09-27.
Jump up ^ "Yes is More. TASCHEN Books". Taschen.com. Retrieved 2015-
09-27.
Jump up ^ October, Pinar (2013-10-13). "Dubai's Futuristic Floating Building 
by Zaha Hadid". My Modern Met. Retrieved 2015-09-27.
Jump up ^ "15 Most Futuristic Architecture Projects of Zaha Hadid". 
Decoist.com. 2013-03-14. Retrieved 2015-09-27.
Jump up ^ "Zaha Hadid Uses Hologram To Reveal Futuristic Design Of 
Miami S One Thousand Museum Tower". archpaper.com. 2013-11-27. 
Archived from the original on February 2, 2014.
Jump up ^ "Futuristic student centre opens doors - SWI". Swissinfo.ch. 
2010-02-22. Retrieved 2015-09-27.
Jump up ^ "Thomas Heatherwick / Conran Foundation Collection : - 
Design/Designer Information". Designmuseum.org. Retrieved 25 September 
2015.
Jump up ^ "Thomas Heatherwick Designs a Futuristic Learning Hub for 
Nanyang University in Singapore Nanyang University Learning Hub Thomas 
Heatherwick   Inhabitat - Sustainable Design Innovation, Eco Architecture, 
Green Building". Inhabitat.com. 2013-07-21. Retrieved 2015-09-27.
Jump up ^ "Futuristic architecture, santiago calatrava, future architecture, 
modern building, white interior". Indulgy.com. Retrieved 25 September 2015.
Jump up ^ "Clashot: earn money taking photos with your phone". 
Clashot.com. Retrieved 25 September 2015.
Jump up ^ "Futurism and Santiago Calatrava". prezi.com. Retrieved 25 
September 2015.
Jump up ^ [3] Archived February 4, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.
Jump up ^ "Culture For Friends - Torre Diagonal Zerozero: A Futuristic 
Landmark In Barcelona". Cultureforfriends.eu. Retrieved 2015-09-27.
Jump up ^ Turner, Yvonne K (2012-03-12). "Yvonne K Turner Studio work 
and Degree show: Anish Kapoor The ultimate City Futurist". 
Yvonnekturner.blogspot.com. Retrieved 2015-09-27.
Jump up ^ "Three futuristic views inside Anish Kapoor at the Grand Palais". 
OLENSKA BLOG. Retrieved 25 September 2015.
Jump up ^ "Theo Jansen: Art In The Form of Science". BOZ UX. Retrieved 
2015-09-27.
Jump up ^ "The Charter of the New Urbanism". Cnu.org. Retrieved 25 
September 2015.
Jump up ^ "Beauty, Humanism, Continuity between Past and Future". 
Traditional Architecture Group. Retrieved 23 March 2014.
Jump up ^ Issue Brief: Smart-Growth: Building Livable Communities. 
American Institute of Architects. Retrieved on 2014-03-23.
Jump up ^ "Driehaus Prize". Together, the  200,000 Driehaus Prize and the 
 50,000 Reed Award represent the most significant recognition for classicism 
in the contemporary built environment.. Notre Dame School of Architecture. 
Retrieved 23 March 2014.
External links[edit]
  Wikimedia Commons has media related to Modern movement.
Six Building Designers Who Are Redefining Modern Architecture, an April 
2011 radio and Internet report by the Special English service of the Voice of 
America.
Famous architects   Biographies of well-known architects, almost all of the 
Modern Movement.
Architecture and Modernism
"Preservation of Modern Buildings" edition of AIA Architect
Brussels50s60s.be, Overview of the architecture of the 1950s and 1960s in 
Brussels
A Grand Design: The Toronto City Hall Design Competition Modernist 
designs from the 1958 international competition
market.[15]


1915 advertisement for "Vulcan" Ink Pencils.
Slavoljub Eduard Penkala, a naturalized Croatian engineer and inventor of 
Polish-Dutch origin from the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia in Austria-Hungary, 
became renowned for further development of the mechanical pencil (1906)   
then called an "automatic pencil"   and the first solid-ink fountain pen (1907). 
Collaborating with an entrepreneur by the name of Edmund Moster, he 
started the Penkala-Moster Company and built a pen-and-pencil factory that 
was one of the biggest in the world at the time. This company, now called 
TOZ-Penkala, still exists today. "TOZ" stands for "Tvornica olovaka Zagreb", 
meaning "Zagreb Pencil Factory".


Modern marker pens.
In the 1960s, the fiber or felt-tipped pen was invented by Yukio Horie of the 
Tokyo Stationery Company, Japan.[16] Papermate's Flair was among the first 
felt-tip pens to hit the U.S. market in the 1960s, and it has been the leader 
ever since. Marker pens and highlighters, both similar to felt pens have 
become popular in recent times.

Rollerball pens were introduced in the early 1970s. They make use of a 
mobile ball and liquid ink to produce a smoother line. Technological 
advances achieved during the late 1980s and early 1990s have improved the 
roller ball's overall performance. A porous point pen contains a point that is 
made of some porous material such as felt or ceramic. A high quality drafting 
pen will usually have a ceramic tip, since this wears well and does not 
broaden when pressure is applied while writing.

Although the invention of the typewriter and personal computer with the 
keyboard input method have changed how users write, the pen has not 
been entirely replaced.[17] Higher end pens including types such as 
fountain pens are still a status symbol.[18][19]

Manufacturers
Globe icon.
The examples and perspective in this section may not represent a worldwide 
view of the subject. Please improve this article and discuss the issue on the 
talk page. (November 2009)
United States

Waterman pen and fountain pens made for Air France s Concorde.
Statistics on writing instruments (including pencils and pens) from WIMA 
(the United States Writing Instrument Manufacturers Association) show that 
in 2005, retractable ball point pens were by far the most popular in the 
United States (26%), followed by standard ball point pens (14%). Other 
categories represented very small fractions (3% or less).[20] There is 
however also a thriving industry in luxury pens, often fountain pens, 
sometimes priced at  1000 or more.[21] Pens are also used as 
advertisements for business entrepreneurs. Companies use pens to 
advertise their company names to possible customers.


The rise of an understanding of the body and mind in terms of the nervous 
system led to the emergence of a new wave of music therapy in the 
eighteenth century. Earlier works on the subject, such as Athanasius Kircher 
s Musurgia universalis of 1650 and even early eighteenth-century books 
such as Michael Ernst Ettm ller s 1714 Disputatio effectus musicae in 
hominem (Disputation on the Effect of Music on Man) or Friedrich Erhardt 
Niedten s 1717 Veritophili, still tended to discuss the medical effects of 
music in terms of bringing the soul and body into harmony. But from the 
mid-eighteenth century works on the subject such as Richard Brocklesby s 
1749 Reflections of Antient and Modern Musick, the 1737 Memoires of the 
French Academy of Sciences, or Ernst Anton Nicolai s 1745 Die Verbindung 
der Musik mit der Arzneygelahrheit (The Connection of Music to Medicine), 
stressed the power of music over the nerves.[115]

After 1800 books on music therapy often drew on the Brunonian system of 
medicine, arguing that the stimulation of the nerves caused by music could 
directly improve health. For example, Peter Lichtenthal s influential 1807 
book Der musikalische Arzt (The Musical Doctor) was also explicitly 
Brunonian in its treatment of the effects of music on the body. Lichtenthal, a 
musician, composer and physician with links to the Mozart family, was 
mostly positive about music, talking of doses of music , which should be 
determined by someone who knows the "Brunonian scale."[116]

Music therapy as we know it began in the aftermath of World Wars I and II, 
when, particularly in the United Kingdom, musicians would travel to 
hospitals and play music for soldiers suffering from war-related emotional 
and physical trauma.[117]

Music therapy in the military[edit]
History[edit]
Music therapy finds its roots in the military. The United States Department of 
War issued Technical Bulletin 187 in 1945, which described the use of music 
in the recuperation of military service members in Army hospitals.[118] The 
use of music therapy in military settings started to flourish and develop 
following World War II and research and endorsements from both the United 
States Army and the Surgeon General of the United States. Although these 
endorsements helped music therapy develop, there was still a recognized 
need to assess the true viability and value of music as a medically-based 
therapy. Walter Reed Army Medical Center and the Office of the Surgeon 
General worked together to lead one of the earliest assessments of a music 
therapy program. The goal of the study was to understand whether  music 
presented according to a specific plan  influenced recovery among service 
members with mental and emotional disorders.[119] Eventually, case reports 
in reference to this study relayed not only the importance but also the impact 
of music therapy services in the recovery of military service personnel.

The first university sponsored music therapy course was taught by Margaret 
Anderton in 1919 at Columbia University.[120] Anderton's clinical specialty 
was working with wounded Canadian soldiers during World War II, using 
music-based services to aid in their recovery process.

Today, Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom have both 
presented an array of injuries; however, the two signature injuries are Post-
Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI). These 
two signature injuries are increasingly common among millennial military 
service members and in music therapy programs.

Methods[edit]
Music therapists work with active duty military personnel, veterans, service 
members in transition, and their families. Music therapists strive to engage 
clients in music experiences that foster trust and complete participation over 
the course of their treatment process. Music therapists use an array of 
music-centered tools, techniques, and activities when working with military-
associated clients, many of which are similar to the techniques used in other 
music therapy settings. These methods include, but are not limited to: group 
drumming, listening, singing, and songwriting. Songwriting is a particularly 
effective tool with military veterans struggling with PTSD and TBI as it 
creates a safe space to, "...work through traumatic experiences, and 
transform traumatic memories into healthier associations."[121]

Programs[edit]
Music therapy in the military is seen in programs on military bases, VA 
healthcare facilities, military treatment facilities, and military communities. 
Music therapy programs have a large outreach because they exist for all 
phases of military life: pre-mobilization, deployment, post-deployment, 
recovery (in the case of injury), and among families of fallen military service 
personnel.[122]

Resounding Joy, Inc., a San Diego, California-based music therapy program, 
is a pioneer for the use of music therapy in the military. Its Semper Sound 
program specializes in providing music therapy services to active duty 
military service members and veterans diagnosed with PTSD, TBI, 
substance abuse, and other trauma-related diagnoses. It features different 
programs such as The Semper Sound Band, based in San Diego, California, 
and the GI Jams Band, based in Chelsea, Massachusetts.[123]

Walter Reed Army Medical Center located in Bethesda, Maryland, is another 
pioneer for the use of music therapy in the military. All patients at the 
medical center are eligible to receive music therapy services; therefore, the 
range of clients is wide: TBI, stroke, psychological diagnoses (anxiety, 
depression, PTSD), autism spectrum disorder, and more.[122]

The Exceptional Family Member Program (EFMP) also exists to provide 
music therapy services to active duty military families who have a family 
member with a developmental, physical, emotional, or intellectual disorder. 
Currently, programs at the Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Resounding Joy, 
Inc., and the Music Institute of Chicago partner with EFMP services to 
provide music therapy services to eligible military family members.[122]


